 
 
INTRODUCTION
 
 
SUMMARY OF KEY PRINCIPLES
We thought it would be helpful to set out briefly the key ways in which we use your information and how we seek to protect privacy.  Of course, you should read the terms of our full Privacy Policy. 
We typically collect two kinds of information about you: (a) information that you provide that personally identifies you (e.g., full name or phone number); and (b) information that does not personally identify you (e.g., your IP address or type of browser);
This information is transmitted to, held and processed by us in the United States of America;
We typically use this information to provide you with our website and related services, and to produce reports and data about online shopping;
We may disclose this information to authorized third parties including our merchants, advertising and promotional partners and third party service providers for these purposes;
Through the use of “cookies,” we work with and permit advertising networks to collect anonymous information about you to send you their ads and use the same information to send you our ads (see section III below);
You may at any time opt-out of certain activities as set out below (see section VI);
We encrypt any information you input using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software and take reasonable security measures to safeguard information;
If you register with us, you have the ability to update or correct the information you previously provided via the account section;
If you have any questions or concerns about privacy at Shopzilla, please contact us by clicking here ;
Our websites and our services are not designed or intended for use by children under 13; and
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time so please check this policy regularly.  Any material changes will be notified to you by email as appropriate.
I.         WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
 
 
(b)  Non-Personally Identifiable Information:   Non-PII is any information that does not identify you as a person including PII which has been rendered anonymous.   We obtain non-PII either separately or together with your PII as described above. We collect certain non-PII from you when you access our Sites including IP addresses and information relating to your browser, operating system, ISP, the third party website from which your visit originated and how you use our Sites such as the web pages you visit, and the duration of your visits.
II.       HOW WE USE & SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
PII and Non-PII is used to provide, or improve, our Sites and Services to you and to carry out your requests, respond to your inquiries, better serve you and understand your needs, or is used in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information.   
We may disclose PII and Non-PII to:
(1) our third party service providers who perform functions on our behalf in connection with the operation of the Sites or Services e.g., providers who host and manage data, process credit card orders, deliver our merchandise, etc;  
(2) participating sponsors to a program or promotion you enter through our Sites or Services;
(3)our parent company, subsidiaries or other affiliated companies (“ affiliated companies”) for operational, marketing and promotional purposes;
(4) co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships, who may already have non-PII or PII about you;
(5) participating merchants where you consent at the time you submit PII to us when using the interactive features of our Sites such as surveys and reviews concerning our participating merchants; and
 
 
III.      COOKIES AND PREFERENCE BASED ADVERTISING
  (a) Cookies and Web Beacons: We and the third parties we authorize automatically receive and store certain types of non-PII whenever you interact with us by using "cookies" and analogous technology. "Cookies" are small files that are placed on your computer or your internet browser memory to enable the owner of the cookie to recognize your browser and to provide convenience and other features to you. So, for example, our cookies may allow us to show you the past products you have searched for on our Sites. It is important to note that the cookies that we use do not contain and are not tied to PII about you.  
You may be able to direct your internet browser not to allow cookies and you can typically delete existing cookies from your computer at any time. Please note, however, some elements of our Sites will not function properly or be available to you.  
 
Some important notes: (1) the opt-out tools for Third-Party Ads include all the advertising networks that Shopzilla works with, but also many that Shopzilla does not work with; (2) opting out of Our Ads does not automatically serve as an opt-out from Third-Party Ads – the same is true the other way around.  To opt-out of Our Ads and Third-Party Ads, you must use each respective opt-out tool above; (3) the opt-out tools for both Our Ads and Third-Party Ads rely on cookies to ensure that your non-PII is not used for online advertising purposes (“Opt-out Cookies”).  Therefore, if you buy a new computer, change web browsers or delete these Opt-out Cookies from your computer, you will need to perform the relevant opt-out tasks again; and (4) the features of your internet browser and/or certain add-on software may allow you to block or limit the use of cookies for preference based advertising and other purposes.  We cannot, however, promise that our Sites will work well or be compatible with these alternative methods of blocking or limiting the use of cookies.
 
IV.       SALE OF BUSINESS AND DISCLOSURE BY LAW
(a) Business Transactions: We may disclose PII and Non-PII held by us : (a) to a prospective seller or actual seller of any business or assets we acquire;   (b) if all or any of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case, PII and Non-PII may be one of the transferred assets.   
 
V.        SECURITY OF INFORMATION
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We also use a secure server hosting location in the US, firewall protection, controlled access and encryption technology to protect your data.   Please be advised, however, that while we strive to protect your PII, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your PII.   In the unfortunate event that your personally identifiable information is compromised, we will notify you by e-mail to the last e-mail address you have provided us as soon as feasible under the circumstances (delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system, as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation.)
VI.       YOUR OPTIONS & OPT-OUTS
(a) W hat Information Can I Access?  If you register as a Shopzilla member, you will typically have access to an account section that includes the registration information you previously provided which you can update or correct at any time.   If there is any inaccurate information that you are not able to correct, just let us know.  Also, if you wish, you can delete your membership account entirely although we may retain certain information in limited circumstances – e.g., to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms of Use . Furthermore, some information is never completely removed from our databases due to technical (e.g., information that is stored in our “back-up” systems) and certain legal constraints.  
(b) What Choices Do I Have (Opt-Out)?  You have many choices regarding how we use information about you, including: (1) To stop our emails, click here ; (2) To opt-out of preference-based ads, click here ; (3) To stop the sharing of PII with our participating merchants, click here ; and (4) as discussed above, the choices we offer you anytime you submit information through our Sites or Services.
(c) You May Contact Us With Questions: If you have any questions or concerns about privacy at Shopzilla, please contact us by clicking here .    
VII.     CHILDREN
As neither our Sites nor our Services are intended for use by children under 13, children under 13 may not submit any PII to us.  Also, i f you are under 18, you should use Shopzilla and submit information only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
VIII.   REVISIONS
 
VII.     SOLE STATEMENT
This Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use , both as posted on our Websites and through our Services, contain all of the material terms of regarding your use of our Websites and Services.   No summary, modification, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, is valid unless we post it to our Websites and Services.
© 2017 Shopzilla, Inc.
12200 W. Olympic Blvd, Suite 300, CA 90064 | help@shopzilla.com | 310.571.1235
Muze for Music: Copyright 1984-2008 Muze Inc. For personal non-commercial use only. All rights reserved.
Stores are responsible for providing bizrate™ with correct and current prices. Sales taxes and shipping costs are estimates; please check store for exact amounts. Product specifications are obtained from merchants or third parties. Although we make every effort to present accurate information, bizrate™ is not responsible for inaccuracies. We encourage you to notify us of any discrepancies by clicking here .
Store ratings and product reviews are submitted by online shoppers; they do not reflect our opinions and we have no responsibility for their content.
© 2018 About Bizrate
