Privacy Policy
For privacy information specific to 22 Words or MagiQuiz, please visit our brand policy pages here and here .
What information do we collect?
Personally Identifiable Information: You aren’t required to provide us with any Personally Identifiable information in order to use our Service, however, you may choose to provide Personally Identifiable Information to us such as your first and last name and email address in response to prompts featured on our Service. If you sign up for our email newsletter, we will collect your email address.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may also collect and use information about your interactions with the Service in a manner and format that does not identify you as an individual (“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”). We may collect, use, and disclose the following types of Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
Cookies: Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers’ systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. You can also opt out of cookies using the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Google Analytics: We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of the Service. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit the Service, what pages they visit when they do so, and other various data points to allow us to improve the Service. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with the Personally Identifiable Information provided by Users. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Service is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Services and the Google Privacy Policy .  You can  prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you by updating cookie settings  or permanently using a  browser plugin .
Google AdWords: This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to any of our websites. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and the Google Privacy Policy . You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the  Google Ad Preferences page , and if you want to you can  opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings  or permanently using a  browser plugin .
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow us to improve our services, as well as for the following purposes: Contacting the User and Analytics.
We may use the data we collect or receive to communicate directly with you. We may also send you emails containing newsletters, updates or special information. If you do not wish to receive email messages, we will give you a clear option to opt out or update your preferences. We may also combine your Personal Identifiable Information with third-party analytics information to build a broader profile of our Users.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
This privacy policy applies to all digital properties of Brainjolt LLC.
Included are:
22 Words
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 6/1/2018
Get in touch
