Effective Date:  February 27, 2018
 
 
Information You Provide to Us. We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you become a member; shop in our stores; access and use our Services; make a purchase or rental; sign up for or participate in contests, promotions, sweepstakes, surveys, mailing lists, classes, events, trips or recreational activities; engage with us via social media platforms; and when you email, call, or otherwise communicate with us.
The types of information we may collect include your name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, ZIP code, photos, videos, social media usernames, payment information, demographic information, information about your interests and preferences, information about your fitness condition and physical characteristics, and any other information you choose to provide. If you sign up for an REI class, event or trip, or in other limited circumstances, we may collect additional information from you, such as medical/health information, passport information, dietary requirements, and emergency contact information.
In some cases, we may also collect information you provide about others, such as when you purchase a gift card for someone and request that we deliver it electronically, decide to purchase and ship products to someone, or create and share a gift registry. We will use this information to fulfill your requests and will not send communications to your contacts unrelated to your requests, unless they separately consent to receive communications from us. 
Information We Collect Automatically. We may also automatically collect information about you when you access or use the Services or transact business with us, including:
Transaction Information:  When you purchase or return a product, register for events or classes, or book trips with us, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and the date and location of the transaction.
Log Information: We obtain information about your use of our websites, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, such as the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information, and browsing behavior.
Location Information: We may collect information about the precise location of your device when you consent to the collection of this information. For more details, please see  "Your Choices"  below.  We may also collect information about your approximate location each time you access our Services.
Information Collected by Cookies and other Tracking Technologies: We may use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about you and your interaction with our Services, including information about your browsing behavior, purchase behavior, and other engagement with the Services. We use this information in one or more of the ways described in the "Use of Information" section below. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default, but you can usually change your browser settings to remove or reject cookies. In addition to browser cookies, Adobe Systems Inc. may set a "flash cookie" on your computer or mobile device when you view videos on our Services. To manage and disable "flash cookies," visit Adobe Flash Player Manage, Disable Local Shared Objects .
 
 
We use the information we collect about you for a variety of purposes, for example, to:
facilitate and improve your in-store and online shopping experience;
administer your membership and communicate with you about your membership and the co-op (including information about your dividend balance, special offers only available to members, annual meetings, and board elections);
provide and deliver products and services, process transactions, and send you related information, including confirmations, receipts, invoices, and recall notices;
provide, maintain, and improve the Services, manage your online account, and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
communicate with you about REI and partner products, services, offers, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, surveys, news, upcoming events, and other information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to manage promotional communications, please see  "Your Choices" below);
monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities;
personalize the Services and provide advertisements, content, or features that are targeted toward your interests;
process and deliver contest, promotion and sweepstakes entries and prizes;
link or combine with other information we receive from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
 
 
We may share personal information about you outside of REI, including as follows:
with third parties who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf;
we may make our postal mailing list and general shopping information available to selected companies we believe may offer products and services of interest to you;
when you sign up for and participate in the interactive areas of our Services, certain information about you may be displayed publicly on our Services and on third-party sites, such as your photos, videos, stories, posts, product reviews, product questions and answers, wish lists and other information you choose to provide;
in connection with, or during negotiations of, a corporate business transaction, such as a merger or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, joint venture, corporate reorganization, insolvency or bankruptcy, financing or sale of company assets;
in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
to enforce our agreements, policies, and  Terms of Use  or to protect the rights, property, and safety of REI, our members, our customers, or any other persons;
between and among REI and any current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership; and
with your consent.
 
 
 
 
 
Your Information. You may update or correct your online account information by logging into your online account and updating your information or by calling  Customer Service . You may also email us at privacy@rei.com if you wish to deactivate your online account, but note that we may retain information about you for legitimate business purposes or as required by law. If you would like to update or correct your membership information, you may do so by completing our Update Your REI Membership Information form or by calling Customer Service .
Promotional Communications. You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from REI by following the instructions in those communications or changing your preferences via http://www.rei.com/help/subscriptions.html . If you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your purchases, account, membership or our ongoing business relations.
Location Information. The settings of your Internet browser or mobile device may allow you to stop sharing your precise location with REI or others. You can also stop our collection of location information in connection with our mobile applications by following the standard uninstall process and removing all REI applications from your mobile device.
 
 
We allow third parties to serve advertisements that are targeted to your interests and we engage third parties to provide analytics services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked, and conversion information. In some cases, the information in these cookies and other technologies may be linked to data you voluntarily submitted to us, such as your email address, which we may share in hashed or encrypted form. This information may be used by REI and these third parties to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and mobile applications, and better understand your online activity. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used in this way, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices .
We may also work with third parties to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign on third-party platforms (such as Facebook or Google). As part of these ad campaigns, we may convert information about you, such as your email address and phone number, into a unique value that can be matched with a user account on these platforms to allow us to learn about your interests and to serve you advertising that is customized to your interests. Note that the third-party platforms may offer you choices about whether you see these types of customized ads.
REI also participates in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op to better understand how you use our Services across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions.  Learn more about how Adobe does this here and how you may opt out of this program .
 
 
 
 
 
 
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Policy or about our privacy practices, please call our customer service representatives at 1-800-426-4840 (US and Canada) or 1-253-891-2500 (outside the US and Canada) or send an email message to privacy@rei.com . You may also direct your privacy-related comments or questions to the following address:
Recreational Equipment, Inc.
Attention: Privacy Officer
Yes
No
Please tell us how we can make this answer more helpful.
Email *Required
Your Feedback *Required
Please note that a response will not be received for feedback submitted through this form. Should you require additional assistance, please contact us using a different method.
Answers others found helpful
Mon-Fri:  5am - 10pm PT
Sat-Sun:  6am - 9pm PT
Co-op offers, events & cool new gear
Email
Thank you!
Check your inbox for your first email (and a little surprise) from REI. We'll send you a few emails every week. You can easily unsubscribe at any time.
System Maintenance
