Active Information Collection
We use web forms on this site to facilitate the provision of library services. Personal information collected in the course of providing library services is treated as confidential and is protected by state law. For more information about this, see the Policy on Law Enforcement and Third-Party Requests for Library Records That Identify Patron Information .  We use personally identifiable information collected through the web forms only for the purpose for which it was submitted. The information is shared among library staff members on a need-to-know basis.  In order to prevent abuse of web forms, we use the Mollom service .  Data entered into the web forms is also transmitted to Mollom and is subject to Mollom's privacy policy .
Passive Information Collection
Data about visits to library websites is collected to evaluate usage, navigation, and site performance.  It is also collected for statistical reporting purposes, and to inform future design decisions. This includes visits to pages beginning with library.hsc.unt.edu, guides.library.hsc.unt.edu, and unthsc.sirsi.net.
We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous website traffic data. Google Analytics uses a cookie for the duration of your website session.  You may opt out of this data collection by disabling cookies in your browser settings. Collected data may include the following:
Length of visit
Search terms entered
For privacy reasons, statistics reported by Google Analytics do not include individual IP addresses.
Third-Party Websites
Our websites also contains links to external sites, such as licensed databases and journals, that are not maintained by UNTHSC. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites, so you should look for any privacy statements they may have posted. Some third-party websites provide the option of establishing a personal account to take advantage of enhanced services. If you log on to any of these personal accounts from a shared computer, be sure to log off when you are finished to protect the privacy of your account.
UNTHSC
3500 Camp Bowie Boulevard
Fort Worth, Texas 76107
