Privacy policy
At UK CreditCards.com we take data protection very seriously and respect the privacy of every user visiting our site. This privacy policy has been developed to explain how and why we collect and process data, to inform you of your legal rights, and to evidence our ongoing commitment to data protection.
Data controller disclosure
UK CreditCards.com (uk.creditcards.com) is a trading name of Freedom Marketing Limited, registered in England (Registration number 05349340) at 8 Smarts Place, London, WC2B 5LW. In this privacy policy any use of the words “we”, “us” and “our” means Freedom Marketing Limited. Freedom Marketing Limited complies with and is registered under the data protection laws in the UK.
As required by the Data Protection Act 1998 we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your information. Further details can be found at https://ico.org.uk/.
For the purposes of the act the data controller is:
Data Protection Officer
8 Smarts Place
How we collect personal information
You are not required to create an account or directly share any personal information to use our site. However, if you agreed to our cookie policy, we do collect some information automatically. At your discretion, you may also choose to share personal information with us, when you contact us.
What personal information are we collecting?
We never knowingly process the personal information of people under the age of 18. Please seek the permission of a parent or guardian aged 18 or over if you are under that age and wish to use our site.
When visiting UK CreditCards.com, we may automatically collect information about your visit, including the time and date, traffic source, IP address, geographical location, browser/device type, length of visit and page views – and the resources that you access.
We may also use tools which record how you interact with our website (including mouse movements, clicks, page scrolls), to help ensure our website meets the very highest standards for usability and data transparency.
What cookies do we use?
Where users have permitted us to do so, UK CreditCards.com uses cookie-based technologies to help improve their experience.
Cookies are small files stored by web browsers. They are used by most websites and do not harm your device. We send cookies to your web browser help us understand how users are engaging with our website, identify areas for potential improvement, and evaluate the performance of our marketing activity.
Using UK CreditCards.com will also result in cookies being sent to your browser by third parties.
These include (amongst others):
Omniture
Facebook
Read more about our use of cookies in our cookie policy .
How we use your personal information
We collect information which contributes to our optimisation of your CreditCards.com experience. Ways we use your personal data to optimise your experience include:
Help prevent and detect breaches of security
Help analyse and optimise site usability
Track and validate sales from partner sites
Personalise your on-site experience
Improve the targeting and messaging of our marketing communications
Why we process personal information
We are always mindful of the rights of our users, and only collect data in accordance with the strict legal framework for UK data protection.
Under Article 6 1(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), controllers (us) may pursue their Legitimate Interest in data processing, unless the rights of the data subject (you) are overridden by these activities.
Our Legitimate Interests in processing your personal information are:
To ensure our website and service meet the high standards you would expect of CreditCards.com
To help us identify areas for improvement
To enable us to communicate effectively with you about the services we offer, and any products which might be of interest to you.
Sharing your personal information
UK CreditCards.com does not share your information with anyone, except as required by law and our regulators. We do not share, sell, rent, or trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Personal information storage and security
Maintaining the highest standards of data protection and security is central to our business. We operate our sites within the strict information security procedures documented in our security policy, business continuity and disaster recovery plans.
Your personal data rights
As GDPR becomes enforceable in May 2018, data subjects (you) will have enhanced rights over their data, including:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to object
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
With regards UK CreditCards.com, the most significant of these rights is your right to object to our use of data for our Legitimate Interest. If you raise an objection to our processing of your data we will stop processing your information immediately, unless exceptional circumstances prevent this from happening.
If you would like to raise an objection, please contact our data protection officer.
If you are not satisfied with the way we have handled a complaint in relation to your personal information, you may be able to refer your complaint to the ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office), the UK’s data protection regulator.
Changes to this privacy policy
We will occasionally make changes and corrections to this privacy policy. The date of the most recent revision will appear on this page. Changes to this policy will be effective upon the posting and your acceptance of the changes, through your continued use of the site after the changes take effect.
Last updated: July 02, 2018
