Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY (THIS "PRIVACY POLICY") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE
TABLE OF CONTENTS
The National Association of Professional Baseball Leagues ("Minor League Baseball"), in association with MLB Advanced Media, L.P. produces MiLB.com, the Official Website of Minor League Baseball, which encompasses MiLB.com, the Official Websites certain Minor League Baseball ("MiLB") Clubs and the Official Websites of certain MiLB leagues (this or our "Website"). We are committed to safeguarding your privacy online. This Privacy Policy is applicable to this Website.
You can visit and enjoy our Website without disclosing any personal information about yourself. However, we offer some special services, and for these services to work properly we will need you to share with us certain personal information about yourself. The personal information we collect may include, but is not limited to, full name, street address, e-mail address, telephone number(s) (e.g., home, work, mobile and/or fax) and birth date. We may also collect other personal information that will be identified on applicable page(s) of this Website. If you submit any personal information to us, or to any third-parties acting on our behalf, you can be assured that we will not sell, lease, or share your personal information with or to anyone else, except as follows: (1) to certain third parties , but only so that they may help us provide services you've requested and/or in certain circumstances to provide you with related offers or content; (2) to one or more MiLB Clubs, to the extent that you've submitted information that relates specifically to such Club(s) (e.g., you've asked to receive the newsletter of one or more Clubs via email or you've purchased Club-specific merchandise from one of our stores), so that they may learn more about fans like you, and provide better services to you; (3) upon notice posted on an applicable location of our Website where we collect your personal information for an economic transaction and notify you that we will be sharing such information with a third party (e.g., ESPN.com), where such third party is clearly identified; and (4) on occasion, we may offer a special promotion (such as a sweepstakes, contest, fantasy baseball game or subscription to goods and/or services) on this Website in conjunction with a third-party service provider, sponsor, or promotional partner, and share your information with that service provider, sponsor, or promotional partner so that it can fulfill your request for its good and services and/or to send you other special promotions it offers, but only if you give us permission to do so.
Special Offers and Promotions. With your permission, we may also send you e-communications with special offers and promotions. If you don't want to receive these, you may change your preferences by accessing the "Newsletter Preferences" section within your Website account.
We use automatic methods such as cookies (small amounts of data, which often include an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive), single-pixel GIF images ("web beacons") or similar technologies, alone or in combination with personally identifiable information you choose to provide us, to make our Website work better, to understand Website usage and trends, to deliver a more personalized experience and to improve and deliver certain content and offerings. Examples of the information we collect and analyze using such methods include, without limitation, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; e-mail address; login name and password; operating system type,  version and computer platform; purchase history, which we may aggregate with similar information from other customers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, on, and from our Website, including date and time; cookie information; and products you viewed or searched for. We may also use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page.
We may also use cookies to enable you to use a "shopping cart" if you want to purchase goods or services while on our Website, to store your preferences associated with video streaming or other content offered from our Website, and to deliver certain content, products, programs, and/or services based on purchase and Website usage behavior that you and/or other customers have exhibited. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to accept or reject most cookies. Certain cookies that are set when some video products are accessed on our Website, called local shared objects or Flash cookies, may not be managed using the settings in your web browser.  Information on managing, accepting and rejecting these cookies is available from Adobe on the Adobe website . If you set your browser or Adobe Flash options not to accept cookies or local shared objects, you may not be able to take advantage of certain services on our Website.
We do not transfer cookies associated with our Website to any other company, nor do we authorize any other company to access those cookies for any purpose other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may allow certain third parties, such as those who deliver advertisements, content or provide other services associated with our Website to set and/or access cookies,  web beacons and/or similar technologies associated with certain of our pages and/or certain emails sent by us.
Third-party companies that manage and deliver advertisements on our Website and other websites are commonly referred to as "network advertisers." These network advertisers who place advertisements on our Website may use cookies and web beacons to collect  information about your visits to our Website in order to provide advertisements  and content delivered on our Website and on other websites within such network advertiser's ad network. If you would like to obtain more information about common industry practices of network advertisers and/or make choices about their use of your information, please click here .
We do not install any spyware or adware in connection with our Website, or distribute any commercial message, or authorize any third party to distribute any commercial message, by means of spyware or adware. "Spyware" or "adware" is any software which has been downloaded to and/or installed on an Internet user's computer, without the user's actual consent, and facilitates the distribution of any commercial message to the user. If you feel you may have spyware from another company installed on your machine, there are various anti-spyware/adware software applications available on the Internet to identify if this has occurred.
Aggregated Demographic Information. We may share aggregated demographic information with third parties, but this information is not linked to any personal information that can identify you or another individual person. Therefore, no personal information is disclosed in this manner.
Business Transfers. As time passes, Minor League Baseball may be sold along with its assets, or other transactions may occur in which customer information is one of the business assets transferred. In such a case, the customer information which we have gathered may be one of the business assets we transfer.
Disclosure for Legal Purposes. We may be required to share your personal information and non-personal information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants, or orders. If we are required to do so, we will, of course, obey the law. In addition, notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to use, disclose, and/or share your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of this Website's Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law.
LAST UPDATED AND EFFECTIVE DATE: July 8, 2011
Copyright © 2018 Minor League Baseball.
Minor League Baseball trademarks and copyrights are the property of Minor League Baseball. All Rights Reserved.
