for non profit organisations
Advantage Salary Packaging Pty Ltd
This Privacy Policy applies to business conducted by Advantage Salary Packaging ("Advantage") and sets out how Advantage manages personal information provided to or collected by it.
Advantage is bound by the Australia Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and associated legislation (the Privacy Act).
Advantage may, from time to time, review and update this Privacy Policy to take account of new laws and technology, changes to operations and practices and to make sure it remains appropriate to the changing business environment.
What kinds of personal information is collected and how is it collected?
The type of information collected and held includes (but is not limited to) personal information, including information about:
name;
address;
Personal Information you provide
We will generally collect personal information held about an individual by way of forms filled out by you and provided to us via email, post, fax, our website and telephone calls.
Personal Information provided by other people
In some circumstances we may be provided with personal information about you from a third party.
How we will use the personal information you provide?
We will use personal information collected from you for the primary purpose of collection, and for such other secondary purposes that are related to the primary purpose of collection and reasonably expected, or to which you have consented.
The purpose of collection is to enable us to:
administer your salary package;
run surveys;
send you information about matters related to your salary package.
Who might we disclose personal information to?
We may disclose personal information, including sensitive information, held about an individual to:
a bank;
your employer;
anyone you authorise us to disclose information to; and
anyone to whom we are required to disclose the information by law.
Anonymity and Pseudonymity
Due to the nature of our business, you will be required to identify yourself in relation to most enquiries. For some general enquiries, you may be able to remain anonymous or provide a pseudonym.
Sending information overseas
We may disclose personal information about an individual to overseas recipients, for instance, when storing personal information with 'cloud' service providers which are situated outside Australia. However, we will not send personal information about an individual outside Australia without:
obtaining the consent of the individual (in some cases this consent will be implied); or
otherwise complying with the Australian Privacy Principles or other applicable privacy legislation.
Management and security of personal information
Advantage is required to respect the confidentiality of your personal information and the privacy of individuals.
Advantage has in place steps to protect the personal information held from misuse, interference and loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure by use of various methods including locked storage of paper records and password access rights to computerise records.
Access and correction of personal information
Under the Privacy Act an individual has the right to obtain access to any personal information which is held about them and to advise of any perceived inaccuracy. There are some exceptions to this right set out in the Act.
To make a request to access or update any personal information Advantage holds about you, please contact us in writing at info@salary.com.au or on 1800 555 582.
We will require you to verify your identity and specify what information you require. We may charge a fee to cover the cost of verifying your application and locating, retrieving, reviewing and copying any material requested. Certain information can also be retrieved and updated by using your unique access details on our website.
Enquiries and complaints
If you would like further information about the way Advantage manages the personal information it holds, or wish to complain that you believe that Advantage has breached the Australian Privacy Principles, please contact Advantage at info@salary.com.au and we will investigate any complaint. We will notify you of a decision in relation to your complaint as soon as practicable after it has been made.
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Contacts/Directors
Anton Gaudry
