Updated May 25th, 2018
EM Digital, LLC (“Jillian Michaels,” “we,” or “us”) respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website and individuals or entities that register to use the products and services through the Website (“Visitors," “Customers," or "You"). This Privacy Policy describes the ways we collect, use and share information. Our Privacy Policy applies whenever you visit the site, jillianmichaels.com (“Website”) or use our mobile app product or services (collectively, “Product”).
 
Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It
 
Personal Information Used for Communications
You provide to us your personal information when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website or Product. When a Visitor registers to become a Customer of the Product, we may collect contact information such as name, email, and unique identifiers including username, account number and password.
 
Personal Information Used for Billing
For your security we use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use Billing Information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf and we do not have access to, nor do we store, your full credit card information.
 
Personal Information Used for Customizing Health and Fitness Services
Through the use of the Product, We may also ask Customers to share your iOS Health app data with our services, that data is covered by the Privacy Policy. We handle all iOS Health app and HealthKit data in accordance with Apple's development guidelines.
Through the use of the Product, We may also ask Customers to share your Google Fit data with our services, that data is covered by the Privacy Policy. We handle all Google Fit data in accordance with Google’s development guidelines.
 
Cookies and Third Party Technologies
We collect certain information automatically from Visitors to the Site and users of the Product, such as Internet addresses, browser types, referring domains, timestamps (time page accessed as well as time spent per web page), as well as the specific pages the visitor has requested, user activity in the Product, and device information.
This information is logged to help deliver a better user experience (for example, by displaying personalized content to you based on your interactions with the Website or Product), to diagnose technical problems, to support marketing activities and so that we may better administer the Site and the Product in order to constantly improve the quality of the Website and Product.
 
Accessing and Updating Contact Information
 
Unsubscribe from Marketing
 
International Data Transfers
 
We use appropriate administrative, technical, organizational, and physical security measures to protect our users' and visitors' information and data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, and alteration, and against unauthorized disclosure and access. We use standard industry practices to protect visitor and user information, including firewalls, SSL encryption, limiting storage of financial information to a PCI compliant third party provider, system redundancies, and co-location at a 24/7 secured, controlled environment.
 
Data Retention
 
Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA visitors only)
If you are a visitor from the European Economic Area, We are the controller of your personal information and our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collected it.
 
Your Data Protection Rights
You have the right to access, correct, update or request deletion of the personal information we collect about you. Please send such requests to privacy@jillianmichaels.com. You have the right to opt out of marketing communications we send you at any time.
We will acknowledge and respond to all access, correction, update, opt-out and deletion requests within 30 days of receipt. We will respond to all requests from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
In addition, if you reside in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, you also have the following rights:
You have the right to object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. You can exercise these rights by contacting us at privacy@jillianmichaels.com.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
 
Notice of Changes
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as necessary to reflect changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We will provide notification of the material changes to this Privacy Policy through the Website or email at least thirty (30) business days prior to the change taking effect.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at privacy@jillianmichaels.com.
Start Today
Customer Support
Find answers to your questions in our help section or contact our customer service team during business                 hours (EST) Monday - Friday. For tickets submitted after business hours Friday through Sunday, please                 allow 24-72 hours for a response.
Footer Policies
