INTRODUCTION
 Focus Insite LLC operates a panel of members who take part in “Activities” (including market research, non-interventional studies, observational studies and other surveys) on behalf of our clients. This Privacy Policy relates to the products and services offered by  Focus Insite LLC via www.focusinsite.com as well as the landing pages, www.opinionchimp.com , www.getpaidmedical.com (the “Sites”).
This Privacy Policy is intended to provide you with information about what personal data   Focus Insite LLC collects about you and how it is used.
We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time, without notice to you. You are responsible for reviewing it regularly. Your access of the Sites following the posting of changes means you agree to abide by those changes. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITES.
BY ACCESSING THE SITE, UTILIZING ANY OF THE SERVICES AND/OR REGISTERING WITH US, YOU SIGNIFY THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE INCLUDING OUR PRIVACY POLICY, WHICH IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE.
Modifications to the Terms of Service
 Focus Insite LLC, in its sole and absolute discretion, may make changes or modifications to the Site or to this Agreement (including any policies or agreements which are incorporated by reference herein) at any time and without prior notice to you, and such changes or modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting to this Site. You acknowledge and agree that (i)   Focus Insite LLC may notify you of such changes or modifications by posting them to this Site and (ii) your use of this Site or the Services after such changes or modifications have been made (as indicated by the “Last Revised” date at the top of this page) shall constitute your acceptance of this Agreement as last revised. In addition, Focus Insite LLC may occasionally notify you of upcoming changes or modifications to this Agreement by email. We therefore recommend that you keep your account information including, but not limited to, your email address, current.
This Privacy Policy was last revised on May 22, 2018.
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
 Focus Insite LLC is headquartered in West Chester, Pennsylvania in the USA.   Focus Insite LLC has appointed an internal data protection officer for you to contact if you have any questions, requests on your personal data, concerns or complaints please send an email to privacy@focusinsite.com
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE (PROCESS) YOUR PERSONAL DATA
 Focus Insite LLC collects personal data about its members and those that participate in our activities. We use this personal data to provide you with services as described below. We do not sell personal data to anyone and only share it with third parties who are facilitating the delivery of our services or when you give us explicit additional permission.
PERSONAL DATA YOU GIVE US ABOUT YOURSELF WHEN YOU REGISTER
Personal data we collect and process: We collect the personal data you provide on the registration form; your name, address, telephone number, email address, and if you are a healthcare professional information about your occupation so that we can target and tailor invitations to participate in Activities.
PERSONAL DATA YOU GIVE US WITHIN YOUR MEMBERSHIP PROFILE
Personal data we collect and process:   Focus Insite LLC collects from you additional personal data either before Activities or within the member website. This is used to allow us to invite you to participate in Activities that you are more likely to be interested in and qualify for. For example; for physicians, this may include information about your medical experience and the types of patient you treat; and for patients, it may include information about your condition(s) which can including sensitive (special category) personal data.
READ MORE
PERSONAL DATA YOU GIVE US WITHIN AND IMMEDIATELY BEFORE OR AFTER ONLINE ACTIVITIES
Personal data we collect and process: Activities should not contain requests for you to provide personal data. However,   Focus Insite LLC maintains systems that control access to and measure outcomes (for example; if you completed the Activity or failed to qualify) so we may need to collect personal data before and/or after the Activity. This data is not linked directly to the Activity data and is only passed to third parties with your explicit consent and/or as laid out in this policy.
Online Activities offered to   Focus Insite LLC members may be on a website provided by   Focus Insite LLC or one provided by a third party. In the latter case, any personal data collected will be subject to the host’s privacy policy. If you take part in other forms of market research with   Focus Insite LLC, for example, discussion groups or telephone interviews, then you will be asked to provide specific consent for any necessary processing of your personal data.
PERSONAL DATA RELATED TO YOUR PREVIOUS PARTICIPATION IN ACTIVITIES
Personal data we collect and process: We collect and store records of the Activities you have been invited to participate in, whether you responded to them, qualified for them, completed or partially completed them. We keep this data so that we make it available via the Sites and can respond to member enquiries. On occasions we may also send you invitations to new activities based upon your participation in previous Activities.
We use this data in aggregate to understand how many individuals of any type may participate in any future Activity and to understand trends in and patterns of participation.
We also maintain records of any data quality issues that may have been identified in the data you provided within an Activity so we can manage the quality of the data we provide to clients – this may affect your invitation to future Activities.
PAYMENT DETAILS YOU GIVE US FOR COMPENSATION PAYMENTS
Personal data we collect and process: We collect and use specific personal data so that we can process payment of your Activity compensation. The personal data we need to use varies depending on the form of payment but can include name, mailing address and email address. This is used only to process these payments but may be shared with payment processing partners to process the payment. This personal data is also retained for financial reporting, audit and tax purposes.
PERSONAL DATA WE GET FROM THIRD PARTIES
Personal data we get: Clients sometimes send us lists of healthcare professionals who they would like us to include or exclude in specific Activities. We also subscribe to various lists of healthcare professionals that we use to validate registrations and to append a variety of unique identification numbers to assist with deduplicating registrations and matching client lists. Lists of healthcare professionals are also for direct marketing purposes outside the EU.
PERSONAL DATA WE RETAIN FOR AN EXTENDED PERIOD
Personal data we collect and process: In order to manage its business,   Focus Insite LLC needs to retain limited personal data about previous members for longer periods of time. We have carefully limited the personal data retained and the circumstances in which it is needed to the following:
Requests by individuals to not email them
Requests by individuals not to be contacted by   Focus Insite LLC
Individuals who have objected to   Focus Insite LLC processing their personal data (where there is not an overwhelming interest in us continuing to do so)
This personal data is not shared with anyone and is only used to honour your requests or to prevent subsequent Activity participation.
PERSONAL DATA WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data we collect and process: We use a variety of public sources to collate information about professionals we believe may be suitable to complete specific Activities or may wish to become members of   Focus Insite LLC. We may also receive a referral from one of your colleagues and process that information in a similar way. The information would include your name, contact information (address, phone number(s) and possibly email address) and your healthcare specialty.
PERSONAL DATA CREATED BY YOUR USE OF THIRD PARTY PLATFORMS
Your use of third party websites and services associated with   Focus Insite LLC may expose your personal data. These sites are beyond our control and you should see their respective privacy policies: LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook,   Focus Insite LLC Blog (WordPress)
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting other websites and these other websites are not governed by this privacy policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
OVERSEAS TRANSFERS
Within   Focus Insite LLC
 Focus Insite LLC has its headquarters in the USA. Personal data we collect from you will be processed in the USA. The USA has not sought nor received a finding of “adequacy” from the European Union under Article 45 of the GDPR.   Focus Insite LLC relies on Model Clauses (Article 46), and EU-U.S.Privacy Shield (to which we self-certify) and derogations for specific situations as set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR.
 Focus Insite LLC endeavours to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only in ways that are consistent with your relationship with   Focus Insite LLC and the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Privacy Shield Compliance
 Focus Insite LLC complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States.   Focus Insite LLC has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
 Focus Insite LLC is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.   Focus Insite LLC complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
 Focus Insite LLC submits to being subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC, the Department of Transportation, or any other U.S. authorized statutory body with regards to our self-certification and implementation of the Principles, and acknowledges the right of the EU individual, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration, at no cost to the individual, in filing a complaint disputing   Focus Insite LLC’s adherence to these practices.
To suppliers and contractors
As laid out in this Privacy Policy, we may from time to time share limited information with carefully selected partners. This may involve transferring your personal data to countries outside the EU and is done within the legal restrictions of GDPR, and with   Focus Insite LLC remaining in contractual control of the data including standard EU data protection clauses.
To clients
As laid out in this Privacy Policy, we may from time to time share limited information with our clients. This may involve transferring your personal data to countries outside the EU and is done within the legal restrictions of GDPR, and with   Focus Insite LLC remaining in contractual control of the data including standard EU data protection clauses.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
To protect the privacy of personal data you provide us with, we maintain physical, technical and administrative safeguards. We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. We restrict access to your personal data to those employees who need to know this information to provide benefits or services to you. In addition, we train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your personal data. We commit to taking appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce our employees’ privacy responsibilities.
YOUR RIGHTS
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and some other countries’ privacy laws provide certain rights for EU data subjects. A good explanation of them (in English) is available on the website of the United Kingdom’s Information Commissioner’s Office.
If you wish to confirm that   Focus Insite LLC is processing your personal data, or to have access to the personal data   Focus Insite LLC may have about you, please contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing privacy@focusinsite.com
You may also request information about:
the purpose of the processing;
the legal basis for that processing;
the categories of personal data and the data subject concerned;
who else outside   Focus Insite LLC might receive your data from   Focus Insite LLC and the protection provided
what the source of the information was (if you didn’t provide it directly to   Focus Insite LLC);
how long it will be stored.
You have a right of:
.
Reasonable access to your personal data will be provided at no cost to   Focus Insite LLC members, and Activity participants and others upon request made to   Focus Insite LLC via our Data Protection Officer .   Focus Insite LLC will provide you the information within the legal time frame. If for some reason access is denied,   Focus Insite LLC will provide an explanation as to why access has been denied.
Independent Dispute Resolution Mechanism
 Focus Insite LLC commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. Individuals in the European Union with inquiries or complaints regarding our Private Shield policy should first contact   Focus Insite LLC, refer to our Contact Information section below.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request .
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
In addition, you may lodge a complaint to a supervisory authority if you consider that your personal data has been processed in breach of applicable legislation or this privacy policy; refer to the following link for a complete list of Data Protection Authorities (http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm)
CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
As our organization, membership and benefits change from time to time, this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use is expected to change as well. We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at this Site. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our policy and terms and will e-mail   Focus Insite LLC members of material changes to it, but you should check our Site frequently to see the current Privacy Policy and Terms of Use that are in effect and any changes that may have been made to them.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please email   Focus Insite LLC Data Protection Officer at privacy@focusinsite.com.
For all other questions regarding your account, preference changes, compensation for surveys or our services, please e-mail jim@focusinsite.com.
We know how important data protection is these days and will do everything we can to protect your privacy and preserve your trust. Feel free to reach out at any time if you have questions and, if we make additional changes to our policies, you’ll be the first to know
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Personal Information
In order to become a member of Focus Insite and participate in our surveys, you must provide us with certain personal information about yourself.  “Personal Information” includes information that may be used to identify you, such as your first and last name, home or other physical address, your email address, phone number or other contact information, whether at work or at home.  We use the Personal Information you provide to us to determine your eligibility for different surveys, panels and focus groups.  If Personal Information is required for a survey or study, you will be notified before you participate.  Your participation in any study acknowledges that you agree to the use and sharing of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Focus Insite may disclose Personal Information as described above and where it is required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Focus Insite or this Site; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Focus Insite; or (3) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Focus Insite, its web sites or the public.  If Focus Insite should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another entity, we may sell the information you provide to us to a third party or share your Personal Information with any company with whom we merge.
Surveys
Focus Insite provides you the opportunity to participate in multiple surveys on this Site.  We may from time to time use a trusted service provider to conduct these surveys; however, we will not share the Personal Information you provide through a survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and the opportunity to opt-out of such disclosure.
Aggregate Information
As part of our business, we collect certain non-personally identifiable information about our members and use such anonymous or aggregate data to come to certain conclusions for our clients.  “Aggregate Information” is information in summary form which does not contain any information or data that is identifiable to a specific person.   We share the Aggregated Information we obtain from surveys with our partners and clients.  We will only link aggregate user data to the specific individual who provided it to us in order to provide such individual with a reward for their participation.
2. COOKIES
Certain non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by this Site through the use of “cookies.”  “Cookies” are small text files a website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s ongoing access to and use of a site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements.  Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site.  If you do not want Focus Insite to collect your anonymous data through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature.  Focus Insite uses cookies to improve your online experience and facilitate your visit within our Site.  Focus Insite does not link cookies to your Personal Information.
3. CORRECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION SUBMITTED
We believe you should be in control of your Personal Information so if at any time you want to change the information you have provided to us, you may do so by logging in to your account and deleting or changing certain information in the “My Profile” section of the Site.
4. OPT-OUT
If at anytime you wish to discontinue your membership with Focus Insite and no longer wish to receive survey invitations, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in any e-mail communication you receive from Focus Insite or by emailing us at privacy@focusinsite.com
5. SITE SECURITY
Focus Insite operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems.  We review our security and privacy policies and enhance them as necessary.  Focus Insite only allows authorized personnel at the company to have access to the information provided by you and does its best to ensure that your Personal Information is secure and protected.
6. CONTACT US
If you have any concerns or questions regarding the privacy of the information you provide to Focus Insite, please contact Focus Insite at privacy@focusinsite.com
Recent Post
Experience – Whenever speaking with a potential  […]
Are you thinking about signing up to participate in a  […]
Categories
