Esta página solo está disponible en inglés
Selecione Cancele para permanecer en esta página o Continúe para ver nuestra página principal en español.
We’re committed to protecting your privacy
View the links below to learn more about Wells Fargo’s privacy policies and notices.
U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice
This notice includes the Privacy Policy for Wells Fargo Companies. For consumer accounts, this notice describes how we use and protect customer information. This notice also describes how we use and protect information provided by individuals in connection with business accounts, loans, and leasing programs and provided by individuals associated with dealers participating in sales finance programs (called "customers" for purposes of this notice). We believe that protecting your privacy is an integral part of the customer service we provide to you.
This Policy generally applies to your interaction with Wells Fargo at its websites, mobile applications, and certain other electronic venues, as further described in the policy's first section.
Social Security Number Protection Policy
Review our policy on the use and protection of your Social Security Number.
Review our notice on the use and protection of health information.
Wells Fargo Retail Services Privacy Notice
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. issues private label credit cards (Wells Fargo Retail Services accounts) that are typically merchant or industry branded cards consumers apply for through a merchant or service provider. If you are unsure who your credit card issuer is, please consult your cardholder agreement or your billing statement.
International Privacy Notices
The following privacy notices apply to data collected outside the United States by Wells Fargo.
Download a printable PDF — Updated May 2018
Applies internationally except for the European Union and countries and businesses which have separate privacy notices (see below):
Australia
The above notices apply to customer relationships established in the United States. Different policies and procedures may apply to customers outside the United States depending on the laws of the country governing your relationship with Wells Fargo.
For EU individuals who wish to make a request to exercise their data subject rights, please submit your request to privacy.emea@wellsfargo.com.
