Sign in to My Sprint
Username
Password
Submit
Monitor data usage
Web-exclusive deals on the hottest devices.
 
Last updated March 29, 2017
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes how Sprint Corporation ("Sprint") will collect, access, use or disclose your personal information. It applies to all of our products, services, and web sites ("Services"). A few of our Services are covered by different privacy policies and, in the event of a conflict between the two, the product, brand or service-specific policy governs.  (En Español)
Personal information does not include information that is not used to identify you, including aggregate or anonymous information. Our collection, access, use, disclosure and safeguarding of your personal information is subject to U.S. law.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
We collect personal information about you in various ways. We may also get information from other sources, including from affiliates, and may combine it with information we collect about you.
Information you give us. The personal information we collect includes information you give us, such as name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, social security number or other government identification number, demographics, activities, location information, and personal preferences. You may give us information in a variety of ways, including when you sign up for Services, communicate with customer care or register on  www.sprint.com .
Information that we automatically collect. We automatically receive certain types of information whenever you use our Services. We may collect information about your device such as the type, operating system details, signal strength, whether it is on and how it is functioning, as well as information about how you use the device and services available through it, such as your call and data usage and history, your location, web sites you have visited, applications purchased, applications downloaded or used, and other similar information. In addition, when you visit our website, we may collect information contained in HTTP headers such as IP addresses, information about your web browser, the pages you viewed and your history of navigating to a page.
We may link information we automatically collect with personal information, such as information you give us at registration or check out. We may use systems or tools to follow your use of our Services and other applications, including using cookies, web beacons and other mechanisms, along with analysis of network and device information. For example, we allow collection by analytic service provider(s) of site click-stream and cookie data to help track aggregate and individual use of our Services. We sometimes use cookies to enable features on our sites, such as the ability to save your shopping cart or set preferences. Advertisers and advertising networks that serve ads on our sites may also use their own mechanisms, including cookies. These third party cookies or tools are governed by the privacy policies of the entities placing the ads and are not subject to this Policy.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use your personal information for a variety of purposes, including providing you with Services. We use your personal information to do things like:
Process your orders.
Protect our rights and property and those of our customers.
Respond to legal process and emergencies.
Develop or inform you of new products and services.
Anonymize or aggregate personal information for various purposes like market analysis or traffic flow analysis and reporting.
Monitor, evaluate or improve our products, Services, systems, or networks.
Customize or personalize your experience with our Services.
Customize or  personalize online advertising  that provides you information about products and services of Sprint or others that may interest you, including co-branded offers.
DE-IDENTIFIED DATA
We may share information that is de-identified or in an aggregated form that does not directly identify you.
For example, we share de-identified information as part of our participation in programs such as the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op and LiveRamp's Connectivity Services to better understand how you use our websites and apps across the various devices you use. This enables us to deliver tailored promotions and customize your experience when you visit our sites.
Visit  https://cross-device-privacy.adobe.com  to learn more about the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op, including how to manage your choices relating to this linking of devices.
Visit  https://liveramp.com/privacy/  to learn more about LiveRamp's Connectivity Services. You can also opt out of having your information collected as part of this program by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
We also share de-identified or aggregate information for purposes such as to:
Conduct market or traffic flow analysis and reporting or produce or facilitate production by others of business and marketing reports to share with third parties. For example, we may aggregate customer information across a particular region and create a report showing that 10,000 subscribers from a given city visited a sports stadium. If you do not wish for us to use your information to produce de-identified and aggregated data sets in the reports we share with third parties, you may opt out at any time. Click  here  for details.
With your opt-in consent only, customize or personalize advertising based on information we collect about your use of your wireless device in order to provide wireless service to you. For example, we may use information about your mobile web browsing or use of mobile applications to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, and we may share de-identified information about your use of your device with third parties so that they can tailor advertising to your interests based on that information. To participate in this program, you must opt in. Click  here  for details on how to do so.
PERSONAL DATA
We do not share information that identifies you personally with third parties other than as follows:
Affiliates. We may share personal and non-personal information with affiliated entities for approved business purposes. The data may include credit-related, payment history and transactional information. View Sprint's Financial Privacy Notice on  sprint.com/privacy  or by clicking  here .
Service Providers. We may share personal information with third parties who perform services on our behalf.
Group Account Holders. We offer group accounts to business and government customers, family customers and other group account holders ("Group Accounts"). The account holder for Group Accounts is the entity or person that buys the service or product for its employees, family members or other authorized users. You (as the user of a device) may receive service, certain pricing, terms or other benefits through a Group Account with us. If so, we may share with that Group Account holder customer registration and other information related to your use of our services.
Relationship, Discount, and Reward Programs. We may share limited personal information (e.g., name, address, telephone number, account status/active or inactive, membership number) with non-Sprint entities when you sign up for a discount or reward program, including when you sign up for a service discount through the Sprint Discount Program, for eligibility verification, fulfillment, and administrative purposes.
Third Party Verification Services. We may share limited personal information (e.g., address, phone number) with non-Sprint entities to assist with identity verification, and to prevent fraud and identity theft.
Other Third Parties with Your Consent. We may share information with other third parties with your consent. For example, you may agree to our sharing your information with other third parties to hear about their products and services. Use of the information you agree to share will be subject to those third parties' separate privacy policies. This may include sharing information collected in connection with financial products or services, such as installment billing. View Sprint's Financial Privacy Notice at  sprint.com/privacy .
Disclosures to Third Party Application and Service Providers. You may choose to use services and products offered by third parties through our Services or devices, such as third party applications. When you leave our network you may also use mobile roaming services provided by third parties. Your use of such services and applications may result in these third parties collecting your personal information and obtaining information from Sprint, including location information (when applicable). You may also choose to give personal information directly to third parties when using our Services. In each case, personal information you give a third party will be subject to its terms, conditions, and policies—not this policy. You should review a third party's privacy policy and terms of service before providing your information or using the service.
Business Transfers. Personal information about you may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, sale of company assets or transition of service to another provider. In the unlikely event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, personal information may also be transferred as a business asset.
Protection of Sprint and Others. We may access, monitor, use or disclose your personal information or communications to do things such as:
comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process;
protect the rights or property of us, our agents, members, our customers, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use;
NETWORK AND INFORMATION SECURITY
We maintain a variety of physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards. These safeguards help protect your personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Be sure to use a strong password to access your information on Sprint.com and not one you use for other services. You can learn more about how you can protect your information by reviewing our  privacy FAQs .
INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES
In addition to the choices we offer you in the INFORMATION WE SHARE section above relating to de-identified data and your financial data, we offer you the following choices regarding your information:
Marketing Contacts. We offer you choices regarding how we contact you for marketing-related communications.
You may register a do-not-contact request by calling Sprint customer care or sending an email to officeofprivacy@sprint.com. View Sprint’s Do Not Contact Practices  here .
If you register a do-not-contact request, we still may contact you for non-promotional purposes, such as emails or wireless messages related to your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
Advertising. As described above, we work with advertisers and advertising networks that serve ads or collect information on our sites and that may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of our sites. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on other websites and better understand your online activity. To find out more about targeted advertising and/or to "opt out" of automatic collection of information for this purpose, visit  http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
Cookies. If you disable cookies on your Internet browser, you also may stop some collection and use of data when you visit our web sites.
Account Information. If you would like to change certain Sprint account information, you may create an online account and manage your account online. For more information, visit  www.sprint.com .
CHILDREN
You must be 18 or otherwise have legal capacity to subscribe to Sprint services. Nevertheless, as part of the Unlimited, My Way Student Promotion, a parent or legal guardian may provide a Sprint device to a child under the age of 13. In such cases, Sprint takes steps to minimize the data it collects from Sprint applications on the device and provides parents resources to control the information children can share with other parties. In some instances, a parent may be able to review or request deletion of the personal information collected from a child's device, or take steps to prevent further collection of such information. If you have any questions about Sprint's policies for student phones or about how to control the information collected on them from users under 13, or if you wish to correct or delete any personal information provided to Sprint on a student phone used by a child under 13, you can contact us using the contact information below. You may also control the content your child may access by logging into  sprint.com/manage , and reviewing the My Preferences tab.
Sprint allows children under 13 to participate in the Pokémon GO Mobile Trainer Rewards program with their parent or guardian’s consent. When a visitor under 13 attempts to register for Sprint’s Pokémon GO Mobile Trainer Rewards program, we will ask for a parent or guardian email address in order to provide program details and seek parental consent for the child to participate. Detailed information about the program can be found  here.
If you believe your child is participating in Sprint’s Pokémon GO Mobile Trainer Rewards program without your consent, please feel free to contact us using the contact information below. A valid request to delete a child’s personal information will be accommodated within a reasonable time.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or complaints that concern this Policy, please call us at Sprint or email us at officeofprivacy@sprint.com. If you prefer, you also may write us at Office of Privacy -Legal Department, Sprint, P.O. Box 4600, Reston, Virginia 20195. To send us a legal notice relating to this Policy, send it to Our Legal Notices Address listed in, and by the method specified in, the  Acceptable Use Policy .
We may change this Policy at any time. When we change the Policy we will give notice by changing the date it was last updated or as required by law.
Sprint shares personal information between Sprint affiliates and marketing agents for marketing purposes. We do not share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own independent marketing purposes without your consent. California residents may request the categories of personal information Sprint shared with third-parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, if any. To make your request, send an email to officeofprivacy@sprint.com. Written requests may be sent to the Office of Privacy -Legal Department, Sprint, P.O. Box 4600 Reston, VA 20195. Sprint will respond to these requests within 30 days. Requests that come to Sprint by other means may result in a delayed response.
Our  International Data Privacy Policy  informs you about our practices and policies regarding the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, and processing of personal information collected outside the United States in connection with Services offered by Sprint, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and agents.
Legal disclosure
Limited-time promotions
Rate Plans
FOR ALL PLANS:
** Mo. charges excl. taxes & Sprint Surcharges [incl. USF charge of up to 17.9% (varies quarterly), up to $2.50 Admin. & 40¢ Reg. /line/mo.) & fees by area (approx. 5 -20%)]. Surcharges are not taxes. See sprint.com/taxesandfees.
Activ. Fee: Up to $30/line. Reqs. credit approval and eBill. Included features/content may change or be discontinued at any time. AutoPay: $5/mo. discount may not reflect on 1st bill. Quality of Svc. (QoS): Customers who use more than 50GB of data during a billing cycle will be deprioritized during times & places where the Sprint network is constrained. See sprint.com/networkmanagement for details. Usage Limitations: To improve data experience for the majority of users, throughput may be limited, varied or reduced on the network. Sprint may terminate svc. if off-network roaming usage in a mo. exceeds: (1) 800 min. or a majority of min.; or (2) 100MB or a majority of KB. Prohibited network use rules apply—see sprint.com/termsandconditions.
SERVICE PLANS:
Sprint Unlimited Freedom Plan: Incl. unlimited domestic calling, texting & data. Third-party content/downloads are add’l. charge. Sel. int’l. svc. incl. See sprint.com/globalroaming. Plan not avail. for tablets/MBB devices.
Sprint Unlimited 55+ Plan: Reqs. eBill & new account activation. 2 line max. Includes unlimited domestic calling, texting & data with 3G Mobile Hotspot VPN & P2P data. Discounted phones subject to add'l $25/mo./line. Third-party content/downloads are add’l charge. Plan not avail. for tablets/MBB devices. Select Int’l svcs are included see sprint.com/globalroaming.
Device Offers
All device offers are for a limited time and while supplies last. Credit approval required.
Samsung offer: Phone Offer: Samsung Galaxy S8 MSRP $750.00; Samsung Galaxy S8+ MSRP $850.00; Samsung Note8 MSRP $960.00; Samsung Galaxy GS8 Active MSRP $850.00; Samsung Galaxy S9 MSRP $792; Samsung Galaxy S9+ MSRP $912. While supplies last. Monthly Credit: Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first.
2-for-1 iPhone 8 offer: Phone Offer: iPhone 8 64GB $699.99. iPhone X 64GB MSRP $999.00. While supplies last. 2-for-1 iPhone 8: Reqs eligible plan. Credits end at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. Higher memory configurations, and iPhone 8+ will receive the same mo. svc. credit amount & will not be $0/mo. iPhone X offer: Credits end at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first.
iPhone X 50% off offer: Phone Offer: iPhone X (64GB) MSRP $999.00. Monthly Credit: Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first.
LG V30+ offer: Phone Offer: LG V30+ MSRP $912.00. Monthly Credits: End at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first.
LG G7 ThinQ offer: Phone Offer: LG G7 ThinQ MSRP $792.00. 2 for 1 LG G7 ThinQ: Not avail. w/ 50% off plans. Higher memory configurations will receive the same mo. credit amount & will not be $0/mo. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgr. of either phone, whichever occurs first. Both devices must be acquired in same transaction. To return or exchange, all devices must be returned at same time. Mo. pymt. will be reflected on inv. & offset with bill credit.
Tablet Offer: Credit: Applied w/in 2 inv. Mo. pymt. will be reflected on inv. & offset with bill credit. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. Taxes and svc charges excluded. No cash back. May not be combinable with other tablet offers. Requires activation at point of sale. Available to new and existing customers who have an active Sprint wireless phone line. Req. qualifying data plan and new activation. Only 1 Tablet Offer per account during this offer. CL accounts req. active smartphone line and is not limited to 1 free tablet.
Device payment options
Lease (Sprint Flex): Mo. amount excl. tax. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Req. qualifying device & svc. plan. No equipment security deposit req. Upon completion of 18-mo. term, customer can continue to pay mo. lease amount, purch. or return device. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs. Early termination of lease/svc.: Remaining lease pymt. will be due immed. & req. device return or pymt. of purch. option device price in lease.
24-Mo. Installments: Req. 24-mo. installment agmt, 0% APR & qualifying device & svc. plan. Device pricing for well-qualified customers.  Models with higher memory config. may req. a down pymt. Mo. pymt. terms & down pymt. for all others will vary.  Down pymt., unfinanced portion & sales tax (on full purch. price) due at purch. Early termination of 24-Mo. Installments/Svc.: If you cancel wireless svc., remaining balance on device becomes due.
Additional services
Hulu:  Req. registration from Sprint phone at hulu.com/sprint. Incl. access to one Hulu Limited Commercials plan per each eligible Sprint acct. (excl. other Hulu plans & add-ons) while eligible Sprint plan is active  in good standing. Valid for new or returning Hulu subscribers or certain existing Limited Commercials subscribers. Select Hulu content streams in HD on supported devices subj. to connectivity. Tablets may stream Hulu content via incl. Sprint Hot Spot or may subscribe to separate unlimited data plan for tablets. Not redeemable or refundable for cash or gift subscriptions. Hulu may place acct. on inactivity hold based on Hulu usage. Cancel Hulu anytime. See full offer terms at sprint.com/hulu.
iPhone Forever: Does not guarantee mo. payment amount, phone selection, or svc. plan rates. Upgrade after 12 payments as long as lease & early upgrade offered. Req. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive mo. svc. plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Upgrade does not incl. same generation model iPhone; must be next generation iPhone.
Galaxy Forever: Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade after 12 payment as long as lease and early upgrades offered. Req. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Upgrade does not include same generation model Galaxy, must be next generation Galaxy.
Annual Upgrades: Req. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly payments, & add-on if required, new phone Lease, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Add-on must be added within 30 days of purchase.
Clean Slate (formerly contract buyout) offer: Clean Slate: Amount based on ETF (early termination fee) charged or remaining phone balance. Req. port from other carrier to Sprint, remain active & in good standing for 30 days before card issuance & buyback of  working phone in good condition (the device is unlocked, powers on and there are no broken, missing or cracked pieces) tied to offer. Phone must be deactivated & all personal data deleted. Device will not be returned. Reg, & submit final bill with ETF or phone balance w/in 60 days of switching at sprint.com/joinsprint. Allow 15 days after registration approval for Reward Card arrival. Excl. discounted phones, 100+ Corporate-liable, prepaid & ports made between Sprint or related entities. Prepaid card: is issued by MetaBank®, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from MasterCard U.S.A. Inc. No cash access or recurring pymt. Can be used everywhere MasterCard debit cards are accepted. Card & funds expires after 6 mo. Card terms & conditions apply. See www.SprintPrepaidCard.com.
Overnight shipping: $14.95: Order by 2 p.m. ET Mon-Fri, get it the next business day. Some models are backordered. See sprint.com/ship for details. If the device you're ordering is backordered, we'll ship your device overnight as soonOther Terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. Offers may not be combinable. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. Accounts that cancel lines within 30 days of activating on promo pricing may void savings. Restrictions apply. See store or sprint.com for details. © 2018 Sprint. Other marks are the property of their respective owners. as it's available.
Total Equipment Protection: Our protection plans must be added within 30 days of activating your device. For more information, visit sprint.com/TEP.
Other Terms
Other Terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. Offers may not be combinable. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. Accounts that cancel lines within 30 days of activating on promo pricing may void savings. Restrictions apply. See store or sprint.com for details. © 2018 Sprint. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.
Do you want to continue?
For security reasons, your session will time out in 2 minutes unless you choose to continue.
Sign in to My Sprint
Connecting to your account lets us quickly confirm your options, pricing and personal information.
Username
Password
Sign in and continue
Create a My Sprint account
Easily view or pay bills, update your account preferences, monitor data usage, upgrade online and get special offers.
