Subway.com would like to place cookies on your computer to help us make this website better.
To find out more about the cookies on our website, please see our Cookie Policy .
Allow
Subway® Group Privacy Notice
USA
At Subway, we want to provide you with information about how we collect and use your personal information.  This privacy notice gives an overview of the different ways your personal information is collected and used depending on our relationship with you along with how you can contact us if you have any questions.  It also contains links to our full privacy statement and notices in case you want to learn more.
Privacy FAQs
It’s important that you read our full statement or notice to understand what information we hold, how we may use it, and what your rights are, but if you don’t have time to read it all now, here is a quick summary:
We collect information about our customers and users of our services along with our employees, franchisees, development agents and other third parties.  The information collected is either personal information (such as your contact information) or non-personal (such as webpages accessed).
We only collect the information we need or that would be useful to us to provide you with the best possible service and experience.
We do our very best to keep personal information secure.
We never sell your personal information.
Our websites use cookies to help them work well and to track information about how people use them.
For Consumers-The Subway Group Privacy Statement:
To learn more about how we collect, protect, use and share your personal information gathered about you when you interact with the Subway brand online and offline please click here .
Specifically, this statement applies when your information is collected through our websites, WiFi services or similar technology provided in Subway restaurants, branded pages on third party platforms (i.e. social networking services), mobile applications, and through our direct marketing campaigns or other communications, as well as, when you purchase our products, subscribe to our news and offers, enter into one of our promotions or contact customer support (collectively, “Subway Services”).
Please note: some Subway branded websites and applications may be operated by third parties and do not fall within the scope of this privacy statement, such as franchisee operated websites.  For more information, visit the full privacy statement at the link above.
Cookies and Other Technologies:
We use cookies and similar technologies for a wide range of purposes in our websites, applications and email communications to deliver our services and improve your experience.  To learn more about the categories of cookies we use (and used by our service providers), what they are used for, and how you can change your preferences, please click click here .
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about our privacy practices, you can contact us by emailing privacy@subway.com , or by contacting us at:
The Subway® Group’s Privacy Team
C/o Franchise World Headquarters, LLC
325 Sub Way
Milford, CT 06461
Facsimile:   (203) 783-7479
