Search
All
Go
Introduction:
The data controller for InfowarsStore.com (the “Site”) is Free Speech Systems LLC (“Free Speech Systems”, “we”, “us”, “our”). We are committed to fulfilling our responsibilities under the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) in relation to the collection, retention, use, and other processing of personal data that is obtained when EU data subjects visit and interact with the Site.  This Privacy Notice sets forth how we process EU personal data in our role as a data controller (i.e.,when we are responsible for determining the purpose and means of the processing). 
 
 
 
Authentication Data.  To verify the identity of registered users on the Site we may collect a user name, password, password hint(s), and other similar authentication information. 
Other Information You Provide.   This includes emails and other communications that you send us or otherwise contribute, such as customer support inquiries and reviews.  If you purchase a product, this will include information that is necessary to complete your purchase such as your credit card information. Please be aware that information you post on public parts of our website may be visible to anyone.
Note that our Site is dynamic.  We may introduce new features, which may involve new or different personal data processing activities.  If we make a material change to how we process your personal data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Notice.
How and Why We Use Your Personal Data
We may use the personal data we obtain to:
Communicate with you
Ensure the security and integrity of our Site
Maintain and promote the Site
Analyze and learn about how the Site is accessed and used
Manage our customer and partner relationships
Enforce our legal terms and policies
Protect our and others’ interests, rights, and property
Comply with applicable legal requirements.
We process your personal data pursuant to the following legal bases:
You have consented to the use of your personal data.  When you consent, you can change your mind at any time.  
The processing is necessary for us to provide you with the services and products you request, or to respond to your inquiries.
We have a legal obligation to process your personal data, such as to comply with applicable tax and other government regulations or to comply with a court order or binding law enforcement request.
To protect your vital interests, or those of others.
We have a legitimate interest in using your personal data.  In particular, we have a legitimate interest in the following cases:
To analyze and improve the safety and security of our Site.  This includes implementing and enhancing security measures and protections and protecting against fraud, spam, and abuse.
To maintain and improve the Site. 
To operate the Site and provide you with certain tailored advertising and communications to develop and promote our business.
To anonymize personal data and subsequently use the anonymized information.
How We May Share Your Personal Data
We may share your personal data:
With our affiliates or business partners when it is reasonably necessary or desirable, such as to help provide services to you or analyze and improve the Site.
With our service providers that perform services on our behalf.  For example, we may use third parties to help us provide customer support, ship your order, provide loyalty rewards, authorize and process your payments, manage our advertisements on other websites, send marketing and other communications on our behalf, or assist with data storage.
In order to follow the law or protect rights and interests.  For example, we may disclose your personal data if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, protect our or others’ rights, property or interests (such as enforcing our Terms of Use), or prevent fraud or abuse.  In particular, we may disclose your personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, such as to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale of some or all of our assets.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
We maintain appropriate technical and organizational safeguards designed to help protect personal data from unauthorized disclosure or access and accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, or alteration.  Although we use reasonable efforts to safeguard personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your information obtained through the Site.
How Long We Retain Your Personal Data
We will store your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the performance of our obligations or to achieve the purposes for which the information was collected, or as may be permitted under applicable law.  To determine the appropriate retention period, we will consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the data; the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the data; the purposes for which we process the data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means; and the applicable legal requirements.  Unless otherwise required by applicable law, at the end of the retention period we will remove personal data from our systems and records or take appropriate steps to properly anonymize it.
How We Use Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
To improve our Site, Free Speech Systems may use the following “cookies” to track your visit: 
Provider
Purpose
Quantcast
Criteo
Bing Ads
To track user actions, performance data and analysis for advertising purposes.
Bronto
DoubleClick Ad Exchange
Yahoo DOT Tag
Zendesk
Zopim
Google Shopping Reviews
Google Tag Manager
GoDaddy Site Seal
Iovation
New Relic
Site analytics.
To enable the site to work with social media plugins.
Google+ Platform
To enable the site to work with social media plugins.
Addshoppers
PowerReviews
To distinguish users and track user actions for advertising purposes.
Sovrn (formerly Lijit)
To distinguish users, performance data and analysis for advertising purposes.
OpenX
Yahoo Ad Exchange
To distinguish users and track user actions for advertising purposes.
Rubicon
Outbrain
To distinguish users and track user actions for advertising purposes.
Advertising.com (AOL)
To distinguish users and track user actions for advertising purposes.
Index Exchange (formerly Casale Media)
To distinguish users for advertising purposes.
AppNexus
LiveRamp
Google Adwords Conversion
Google DoubleClick Bid Manager
PubMatic
To distinguish users and track user actions for advertising purposes.
Krux Digital
TradeDesk
Taboola
To distinguish users, performance data and analysis for advertising purposes.
Tapad
Drawbridge
To distinguish users and track user actions for advertising purposes.
ShareThrough
To distinguish users and track user actions for advertising purposes.
Nativo
To distinguish users and track user actions for advertising purposes.
TripleLift
To distinguish users and track user actions for advertising purposes.
Media.net
Sojern
To distinguish users and track user actions for advertising purposes.
BidSwitch
To distinguish users and track user actions for advertising purposes.
Facebook Custom Audience
Google Dynamic Remarket
To distinguish users and track user actions for advertising purposes.
Google Adwords User Lists
To distinguish users and track user actions for advertising purposes.
Google Analytics
To measure effectiveness of advertising and users’ interaction with content.
Yahoo Analytics
To measure effectiveness of advertising and users’ interaction with content.
Live Intent
Site analytics.
GA Audiences
Site analytics.
Personal Data Transfers
If we transfer your personal data out of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to countries not deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of personal data protection, the transfer will be based on one of the following safeguards recognized by the European Commission as providing adequate protection for personal data, where required by EU data protection legislation:
Contracts approved by the European Commission which impose data protection obligations on the parties to the transfer. 
The EU - U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (for transfers to third parties in the United States that have self-certified to the Framework).
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism we have used to transfer your personal data.
Your Rights and Choices
The GDPR provides EU data subjects with certain rights regarding their personal data.  Subject to certain conditions, you may ask Free Speech Systems to take the following actions in relation to your personal data that we hold:
Provide you with information about our processing of your personal data and give you access to your personal data.
Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
Delete your personal data.
Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal data to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict the processing of your personal data.
Object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
Object to reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis for processing of your personal data.
You can submit these requests by email to  [email protected] or our postal address provided below.  We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity prior to processing your request.  Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request.  If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions.  If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal data or our response to your requests regarding your personal data, you may contact us at  [email protected] or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction.  You can find information about your data protection regulator  here .
How to Contact Us
Free Speech Systems can be contacted via e-mail sent to [email protected] or at the following address:
Free Speech Systems LLC
Mail Orders
Follow us Here
* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. If you are pregnant, nursing, taking medication, or have a medical condition, consult your physician before using this product.
Supplement & Food Product Disclaimer: Infowars thanks you for your support of the operation. As always, we offer what we have researched and believe to be the highest quality selection of products for you and your family that have been developed along with the advisory of top doctors and experts. It is important to do your own research and consult with a qualified healthcare provider or doctor to decide what is best for you. We also know that everyone's bodies are different, and it is essential to consult with a qualified health care professional before taking products offered on this website. The information on this website is not intended to replace a one-on-one relationship with a doctor or qualified health care professional and is not intended as medical advice. And by purchasing any item from this store, you agree to these terms and conditions as well as understand that by using these products you are agreeing to abide by this contract. Infowars Life is not held responsible for the irresponsible use of this product.
Free Shipping Disclaimer: Free shipping applies only to orders shipped to an address in the United States. Some exclusions or additional handling charges may apply.
* We do not moderate the comments consumers make about our products outside of our third party partner Power Reviews, which screens them for authenticity and other factors. We appreciate the feedback and share some typical comments here.
Copyright © 2018 Alex Jones, Infowars Store. All rights reserved.
