It starts with you
For us, success is about helping you reach your goals, not a number.
What’s important to you?
You have priorities and we have the insights you need to keep them front and center.
A real advantage
Industry-leading research and expert analysis are here to help you stay ahead.
Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.
Get to know some of our other financial advisors.
 
 
U.S. Online Privacy Notice
This Notice describes how Sites may collect, use and share information from or about you and explains how information may be collected and used based on online interactions with our advertisements that appear on the Sites and third-party websites.
U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice
The Bank of America U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice explains our privacy commitment and practices. It identifies the personal information that we collect and hold, and describes how we use, share and secure it.
Cookie Guide:
The use of cookies and similar technologies is a common Internet practice. We have developed a Cookie Guide to provide very general information on cookies and similar technologies.
Security Information
Your personal information is a valuable part of your financial life. We strongly recommend that you protect your information in the same way you monitor your financial accounts.
Contact our security and fraud department:
If you need to report identity theft or fraud, or if you have questions, please call:
1-800-637-7455
 
(Last Updated July 24, 2014)
 
 
 
 
Personal Information We Collect Online
 
to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests;
to inform you about important information regarding the Site, products or services for which you apply or may be interested in applying for, or in which you are already enrolled, changes to terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information; 
to deliver marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you, including ads or offers tailored to you;
to personalize your experience on the Site;
to allow you to apply for products or services (e.g., to prequalify for a mortgage, apply for a credit card, or to open a retirement account, investment account or other financial product) and evaluate your eligibility for such products or services;
to verify your identity and/or location (or the identity or location of your representative or agent) in order to allow access to your accounts, conduct online transactions and to maintain measures aimed at preventing fraud and protecting the security of account and Personal Information;
to allow you to participate in surveys and other forms of market research, sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities.  Some of these activities have additional rules, which may contain additional information about how Personal Information is used and shared;
to allow you to use some Site financial planning tools. Information that you enter into one of these planning tools may be stored for future access and use.   You have the option not to save the information;   
collected through aggregation services such as My Portfolio® and My Financial Picture® in order to consolidate your financial account information at one online location; understand what product or service may be of interest to you; and present you with offers;
collected through our social media pages and other online interactions with you to assist in verifying your identity and account status.  We may combine this online information with information collected from offline sources or information we already have;
for business purposes, including data analysis, audits, developing and improving products and services, enhancing the Site, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns;
for risk control, for fraud detection and prevention, to comply with laws and regulations, and to comply with other legal process and law enforcement requirements;
 
How Personal Information Is Shared
 
Other Information We Collect Online
 
How We Collect and Use Other Information
We and our third-party service providers may collect and use Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through your browser or device:  Certain information is collected by most browsers and/or through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, device type, screen resolution, operating system version and internet browser type and version. We use this information to ensure Sites function properly, for fraud detection and prevention, and security purposes.
Using cookies:  Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the device you are using.  Cookies we use do not contain or capture unencrypted Personal Information.  Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Site, pages visited, language preferences, and your relationship with us.  We use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, to personalize/tailor your experience while engaging with us, and to recognize your device to allow your use of our online products and services.  We collect statistical information about the usage of the Site in order to continually improve the design and functionality, to monitor responses to our advertisements and content, to understand how account holders and visitors use the Site and to assist us with resolving questions regarding the Site.  We also utilize cookies for advertising purposes. Please see the Advertising section below for more information.
You can refuse to accept these cookies and most devices and browsers offer their own privacy settings for cookies.  You will need to manage your cookie settings for each device and browser you use. However, if you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Site and some online products and services.  For example, we will not be able to recognize your device and you will need to answer a challenge question each time you log on.  You also may not receive tailored advertising or other offers from us that may be relevant to your interests and needs.
Other technologies including pixel tags, web beacons, and clear GIFs: These may be used in connection with some Site pages, downloadable mobile applications and HTML-formatted email messages to measure the effectiveness of our communications, the success of our marketing campaigns, to compile statistics about usage and response rates, to personalize/tailor your experience while engaging with us online and offline, for fraud detection and prevention, for security purposes, for advertising and to assist us in resolving account holders' questions regarding use of our Site. Please see the Advertising section below for more information regarding our use of other technologies.
Flash objects: As part of our solutions for online authentication, we use Flash objects (sometimes referred to as "Local Shared Objects") to help us recognize you and your device when you come back to the Site. For our pages running Adobe® Flash® content (demos and tutorials with moving content), we use Flash objects to determine your browser type and version of Adobe Flash in order for you to view the content.  We do not use Flash objects for any online behavioral advertising purpose.  Deleting cookies does not delete Flash objects. You can learn more about Flash objects – including how to control and disable them – through the  Adobe  interface. If you choose to disable Flash objects from our Site, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Site or benefit from the information and services offered.
IP Address:  Your IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to the device that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP).  An IP Address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user visits the Site, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited.  Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice on the internet and is done automatically by many web sites.  We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, to personalize/tailor your experience while engaging with us online and offline, for compliance and security purposes, for advertising, and administering the Site. Please see the Advertising section below for more information.
 
Additional Information
 
Advertising
Bank of America advertises online (e.g., pages within our Sites and mobile apps, through bank-managed social media presences, and on other sites and mobile apps not affiliated with Bank of America) and offline (e.g., in banking centers, through call centers, and direct marketing). In order to understand how advertising performs, we may collect certain information on our Sites and other sites and mobile apps through our advertising service providers using cookies, IP addresses, and other technologies. The collected information may include the number of page visits, pages viewed on our Sites, search engine referrals, browsing activities over time and across other sites following your visit to one of our Sites or apps, and responses to advertisements and promotions on the Sites and on sites and apps where we advertise.
Bank of America uses information described in this Notice to help advertise our products and services, including prescreened offers of credit, in a variety of ways. We use such information to:
Present tailored ads, to you including:
Banner ads and splash ads that appear as you sign on or off of your online accounts on our Sites, within mobile banking and other mobility applications
Email, postal mail and telemarketing, and
On other sites and mobile apps not affiliated with Bank of America;
Analyze the effectiveness of our ads; and
 
Relationship-based Advertising
 
Online Behavioral Advertising
 
Advertising on third-party sites and mobile apps
 
Online Behavioral Advertising on third-party sites and mobile apps
 
Advertising Choices
 
 
 
 
 
Bank-managed Direct Marketing: If you prefer we not deliver you marketing offers in email, postal mail or through telemarketing you may manage your direct marketing choices online or:
by telephone at 1.888.341.5000 our menu will prompt you through the choices,
through your assigned account representative (e.g., Financial Advisor, Mortgage Loan Officer) or a representative at a banking center
 
 
 
 
 
Important Reminder
 
Mobile Applications
 
Linking to other sites
 
Social media sites
 
Security
 
Using other aggregation websites
 
 
Making sure information is accurate
 
Protecting children's privacy online
 
Protecting individual health information
 
Updates to this Privacy Notice
This U.S. Online Privacy Notice is subject to change. Please review it periodically. If we make changes to the U.S. Online Privacy Notice, we will revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Notice. Any changes to this Notice will become effective when we post the revised Notice on the Site. Your use of the Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Notice.
Discover Merrill Lynch:
Asset allocation, diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
Investment products, insurance and annuity products:
Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity
Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) , and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”). Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, or U.S. Trust Company of Delaware. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
©
Then we can provide you with relevant answers.
Important notice: you are now leaving Merrill Lynch
By clicking continue, you will be taken to a website that is not affiliated with Merrill Lynch and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. Merrill Lynch is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products or services that are offered or expressed on other websites.
You can click the "Return to Merrill Lynch" button now to return to the previous page, or you can close the new window after you leave.
