Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
The Best of Email Privacy Policy – Last updated May 23, 2018
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
The web pages available at thebestofemail.com and all linked pages (“Site”), are owned and operated by me, Noya Lizor.
The Site (“The Best of Email”) is accessed by you under the Terms of Use described below (“Terms”).
Please read these terms carefully before using the services. By accessing the site, viewing any content or using any services available on the site (as each is defined below) you are agreeing to be bound by these terms, which governs my relationship with you in relation to the site. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the site.
By providing me with your data, you warrant to me that you are over 13 years of age.
SUMMARY
Data collected about you at thebestofemail.com (specifically outlined below, but generally basic information about you in a professional context, such as email, name, etc.) is strictly to provide you with access to my news, content, and resources. I will not share this data with anyone unless you explicitly consent to my doing so. I honor your right to privacy and will comply with your wishes to remove your data from my systems.
MY COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
You deserve to know how I collect and use the data you provide to me, and that’s what I am providing to you on this page. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on The Best of Email’s website.
This notice was updated in May 2018 to reflect GDPR compliance standards.
HOW I USE YOUR INFORMATION
I use the data you provide to me for the following purposes:
Provide you with access to the content and resources I produce.
Analyze profile or behavioral data to help me improve the products I offer to you.
In specific cases I will be contractually obligated to share your data with one of my third party service providers (for example, webinars, downloads, etc.). In these instances, I will make it clear that the data you share will be transferred to the third party. You will always have the option to not have your data shared by not proceeding with the download or registration for that specific resource or program.
I will store this information to keep you informed about other relevant products that may be useful to you.
I will never use or share the information provided to me online in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
Some information, such as IP and your email address, may be shared with the following third parties who help me run my website and email programs. They will only use this information to serve my needs and are prohibited from using it in any other instance. They are: MailChimp (email), Google (website tracking and analytics) and AddThis (social sharing buttons).
CONSEQUENCES OF FAILURE TO PROVIDE CONSENT
Consenting to allow me to process and store your data is optional. However, failure to provide that consent will prevent me from delivering the content, resources and other experiences to you as mentioned above.
THE INFORMATION I COLLECT VIA THIS WEBSITE
Across my web platform, you will be presented with the opportunity to sign up for newsletters, submit your information to access content such as downloadable resources, courses or webinars and more.
The type of information collected on those pages generally includes but is not limited to:
Email address
Company name
Company type
Based on the information you provide to me, I may create or append other information to your profile in the interest of better serving you (for example, your interests). As is the case with all data I collect, this will be kept private and for my business purposes only.
VISITORS’ GDPR RIGHTS
If you are within the European Union, you are entitled to certain information and have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. Those rights include:
I will retain the information you choose to provide to me until the earlier of: (a) you asking me to delete the information, (b) my decision to cease using my existing data providers, or (c) I decide that the value in retaining the data is outweighed by the costs of retaining it.
You have the right to request access to your data stored by The Best of Email’s systems and the rights to either rectify or erase your personal data.
You have the right to object to the processing of your data and the right to the portability of your data.
To the extent that you provided consent to The Best of Email’s processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based upon consent that occurred prior to your withdrawal of consent.
 
HOW TO ASK ME TO DELETE YOUR DATA
If you would like to unsubscribe from my communications at any time, you may do so in the footer of any of my emails. If you would like me to delete your information entirely, or request the information I store about you, please fill out the form below. Otherwise, by continuing to interact with my emails and programs, you provide me with permission to manage and use your data as described above.
Data Removal Request
POLICY CHANGES
It is my policy to post any changes I make to The Best of Email’s privacy policy on this page. If I make material changes to how I treat users’ personal information, I will notify you by email and/or through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the bottom of the page. You are responsible for ensuring I have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting my Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
COPYRIGHT & PERMISSIONS: USE OF THIS WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENT
Everything on this website and any of Noya Lizor’s related websites, including, but not limited to, the words, design, layout, graphics, photos, images, information, materials, documents, data, databases and all other information and intellectual property accessible on or through this Website (“Content”) or Noya’s other related websites (such as websites for her downloadable resources or courses), is her property and is protected by intellectual property laws.
By accessing or using this Website and its Content, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old and that you agree to and to abide by these terms and conditions. Any registration by, use of or access to the Website and its Content by anyone under age 18 is unauthorized, unlicensed and in violation of these terms and conditions.
PERMISSIONS POLICY – YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED (WITHOUT NOYA’S WRITTEN PERMISSION):
To re-post Noya’s content in its entirety, especially not word for word.
Alter or sell any content on this site or her related sites without Noya’s permission.
Translate any of Noya’s writings in to another language without written permission from Noya
Copy, duplicate or steal her Website or Content. You understand that doing anything with her Website or its Content that is contrary to these terms and conditions and the limited license she is providing to you herein is considered theft, and she reserves the right to prosecute theft to the full extent of the law.
 
COPYRIGHT & TRADEMARK
This site and all the information it contains, including, but not limited to, articles, blog posts, designs, drawings, illustrations, photographs, courses, videos, opinions, text, guides, trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos (“Protected Information”) are the property of Noya Lizor and is protected from unauthorized use, copying, distribution and dissemination. All rights reserved. You may not use any of this Information without Noya’s express written consent.
To request permission for any of the uses on the above “NOT ALLOWED” list, please email: hello@thebestofemail.com
INDEMNIFICATION & RELEASE OF CLAIMS
You hereby fully and completely hold harmless, indemnify and release Noya Lizor and any of her agents, consultants, affiliates, joint venture partners, employees, shareholders, directors, staff, team members, or anyone otherwise affiliated with her business or Noya from any and all causes of action, allegations, suits, claims, damages, or demands whatsoever, in law or equity, that may arise in the past, present or future that is in any way related to her Website.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may email them to hello@thebestofemail.com
This policy is effective as of May 23th, 2018.
 
And… you’ve reached the footer.
While you're down here, here are the main site navigation links (in case you can't be bothered scrolling back to the top).
Couldn't find what you were looking for?
Try here:
