Stylish design.
Impressive performance.
Broad portfolio.
Legion Laptops >
Detachable 2-in-1s.
Explore all Legion Laptops >
Explore All Desktops >
Portable family desktops.
Parent- and child-friendly.
Legion Desktops >
Explore All Workstations >
Matchless desktop performance.
Learn more about the Thinpad workstations >
Explore All Tablets >
Lenovo Smart Display- Google’s Smart Assistant now comes with a display.
Smart Display >
Motorola Smartphones >
Multimedia tablets
Lightweight & portable
Budget friendly
Business-ready tablets.
Detachable 2-in-1s.
Gaming Laptops >
Gaming Desktops >
Product Privacy
Lenovo recognizes that privacy is of great importance to individuals everywhere – our customers, website visitors, product users… everyone. This is why the responsible use and protection of personal and other information under our care is a core Lenovo value. To learn more about our privacy practices, please click any of the links below.   If you have any further questions or concerns, please feel free to reach us at privacy@lenovo.com .
The privacy statement was last updated on 02/07/2018.
About This Statement
Your privacy is important to Lenovo. This privacy statement applies to  websites owned and operated by Lenovo Group Ltd and its affiliated group companies ("Lenovo"). This policy describes the information practices for Lenovo websites (such as https://www3.lenovo.com/us/en , https://canada.lenovo.com/fr , https://www3.lenovo.com/ca/en/ , http://lenovocareers.com , http://blog.lenovo.com ), including what type of information is collected, how the information is used, with whom the information is shared, and how the information is protected. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information.
What this statement does not apply to:
Lenovo websites may contain links to other websites. Lenovo is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other websites. Please also note that this statement does not apply to information collected via Lenovo’s products and software as well as via some other sources. To learn more about our product and software privacy practices, please visit the Lenovo Product Privacy Statement here.
Changes to this statement:
If we make a change to this statement, we will make previous versions available upon request so that you can see when changes occurred and what they are. If we make any material changes to this statement, we will notify you by means of a notice on this site or by an email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) prior to the change becoming effective.  Where we are required by applicable data protection laws, we will also seek your consent to any material changes that affect how we use your personal information.  We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request .
What information does Lenovo collect through its websites?
Lenovo collects the following information from visitors to its websites:
Information you provide to us voluntarily:
In general, you can visit Lenovo's websites without providing any identifying personal information other than the information we collect automatically. There are times, however, when we (or suppliers working for us) may need information from you. You may choose to give us personal information in a variety of situations. For example, we may collect personal information about you when you place an order with Lenovo, such as name, address, email address, phone numbers, payment card information, information used to personalize a Lenovo product or software experience, social security number (or equivalent national identification number), date of birth and other information you choose to provide. Lenovo uses this information to facilitate order processing and to enable us to contact you if a problem arises with your order. Additionally, if you purchase a product requiring service, your personal information may be used to obtain a credit report, if necessary. Please note that if you do not provide us with personal information where required, we may not be able to provide you with the products or services you have requested.
We may ask you for and collect personal information at other times, including when you enter sweepstakes, a contest or other promotion; when you subscribe to receive Lenovo marketing communications or newsletters; when you complete surveys; when you participate in a user forum or blog; or when you interact with Lenovo at a trade show, conference or similar event.  We use the information you provide to help us design and improve our website and our products, to customize your online experience, to provide advice and purchase recommendations, and for other purposes consistent with this policy.
Lenovo also conducts research on our users' demographics (e.g. age, gender), interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us when making a purchase, during a promotion, from surveys and from our server log files. We do this to better understand and serve you. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis so as to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual. Lenovo may share this aggregated data with our suppliers.
Finally, we may also ask for your personal information when you express an interest in employment opportunities at Lenovo by submitting an application through our websites.  The information we collect from you will be made apparent at the time you are submitting your application, and we will use this information only to evaluate your employment candidacy.
Information we collect automatically:
Our web server logs collect the domain names and certain related data of visitors to our web sites automatically (such as their IP address or device identifier). This information is used to measure number of visits, average time spent on a Lenovo website, pages viewed and website usage information. We use this information to meet legal or regulatory requirements; to measure the use of our sites; to improve the content of our sites; and to provide tailored advertisements. This information is not used in a form that would enable direct identification of any of our visitors.  We may collect this information using cookies, as explained below under the section "Does Lenovo user cookies, web beacons, analytics and related technologies for online advertising and other purposes?”
Information we collect from other sources:
From time-to-time, we may supplement information you give us via a Lenovo website with information from other sources, such as information validating your address or other available information about businesses. This is to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect and to help us provide a better service.
How does Lenovo use and share the information it collects through its websites?
The following sections describe in more detail how Lenovo may use your personal information and with whom we may share it. Depending on the type of Lenovo website you are visiting, one or more of the sections may apply.
We may share your personal information with contracted suppliers who are providing services to Lenovo such as fulfilling orders and delivering packages, payment processing and providing customer services. These suppliers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.  In some cases, Lenovo uses suppliers to collect, use, analyze, and otherwise process information on its behalf. It is Lenovo’s practice to require such suppliers to handle information in a manner consistent with our policies.
When You Request or Order Something:
If you request or order something from a Lenovo website, such as a product or service, a callback, or specific marketing materials, we will use the information you provide to fulfill your request. To help us do this, we may share information with others, for instance, other parts of Lenovo, Lenovo's service providers, vendors, suppliers, financial institutions, shipping companies, postal or government authorities (e.g., Customs authorities) involved in the fulfillment of your request. In connection with a transaction, we may also contact you as part of our customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes.  To opt-out of surveys and/or other market research communications, see the section below headed "Marketing."
Lenovo ID and Product Registration:
When you create a Lenovo ID or register your Lenovo product, we will collect information, including personal information, about you and your Lenovo device(s). In addition to your Lenovo ID, we may ask you to provide your name, email address, language and region/country, device type/model, IP address, device serial number, date of device registration, and any activation data about your operating system.
We use your Lenovo ID to identify you when you use our online services, like our online store and customer support site. If you wish to deactivate your Lenovo ID, you may do so at any time by contacting privacy@lenovo.com .
Marketing:
The information you provide on certain Lenovo websites may also be used by Lenovo and selected suppliers or partners for marketing purposes, such as when you subscribe to receive marketing communications or newsletters, or when you enter sweepstakes, a contest or promotion. Before this information is collected we may offer you the opportunity to choose whether or not to have your information used in this way. You may choose to stop receiving our marketing communications by following the unsubscribe instructions included in those communications, accessing the marketing preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at privacy@lenovo.com .
Testimonials:
Lenovo sometimes displays product reviews, testimonials and other endorsements of satisfied customers on our site. With your consent, we may post your comments along with your name. If you want to update or delete your comments, you can contact us at privacy@lenovo.com .
Service Quality Monitoring:
Certain website activities may also involve you calling Lenovo or Lenovo, or its repair providers, calling you. Please note that, in some cases, we may record and retain such calls for staff training and quality assurance purposes. If you do not wish the call to be recorded, please notify the call taker.
Business Partner Relationships:
If you represent a Lenovo business partner (i.e. a distributor or reseller of Lenovo products), you may visit a Lenovo website intended specifically for Lenovo business partners. We may use personal information provided on that site to administer and develop our business relationship with you, and the company you represent. For instance, this may involve using your information to send you details of Lenovo business partner programs. It may also include sharing certain information with other business partners (subject to any confidentiality obligations that may exist), or Lenovo customers or prospects. In connection with a particular transaction or program, we may also contact you as part of customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes.
Supplier Administration:
If you represent a Lenovo supplier, you may visit a Lenovo website intended specifically for use by Lenovo suppliers. We may use the information provided on that site in connection with entering into or performing a transaction with you. For example, this may include sharing information with other parts of Lenovo, Lenovo's business partners, customers, shipping companies, financial institutions, postal or government authorities involved in fulfillment of a transaction. It may also be used to administer and develop our relationship with you, the supplier you represent and/or other Lenovo suppliers generally.
Disclosures Required by Law:
In certain circumstances, it is possible that personal information may be subject to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders. Therefore, when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, we may disclose personal or other information to regulatory or government bodies, courts of law, tribunals, and law enforcement bodies to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Blogs & Discussion Forms:
If you participate in a Lenovo blog or discussion forum, you should be aware that the information you provide there may be made broadly available to others, potentially inside or outside Lenovo, who have access to that blog, discussion forum, or chat room. Also, please recognize that individual blogs, forums, and chat rooms may be hosted by organizations other than Lenovo and/or may have additional rules and conditions. Each participant's opinion on a blog, forum or chat room is his or her own and should not be considered as reflecting the opinion of Lenovo.
Social media features & widgets:
Some of our websites include social media features and links, such as a social bar with icons that link to the Lenovo presence on that specific site (e.g., the Lenovo page on Facebook, the Lenovo feed on Twitter). These features may collect your IP address and information on which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by another company or are hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Single Sign On:
You can log in to certain areas of our websites using sign-in services, such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity; provide you the option to share certain personal information (such as your name and email address) with us, and to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this website to your profile page to share with others within your network.
Frames & Powered-By Sites:
Some of our pages use framing techniques to serve content from suppliers or partners while preserving the look and feel of our site. In addition, certain Lenovo-branded websites may be operated by suppliers or partners may be designated by a "powered-by" logo. Please be aware that such sites may be governed by the privacy practices and policies of our suppliers or partners and not necessarily those of Lenovo or Lenovo.com.
Mergers & Acquisitions:
Circumstances may arise when, whether for strategic or other business reasons, Lenovo decides to sell, buy, merge, or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or receiving it from sellers.
Other Sources
In addition to the above, there may circumstances which require us to disclose your personal information to parties in addition to those listed above, including, but not limited to, legal advisers or debt collection agencies.
Does Lenovo transfer my personal information internationally?
Lenovo is a global organization, with legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross borders. Therefore, where permitted by law, we may share your personal information within Lenovo  (including to subsidiaries, affiliates and parent companies) or our suppliers and business partners and may transfer it to other countries in the world where we do business (including, but not limited to, the United States of America and China). Regardless of where your information is transferred to and resides, our privacy and security practices are designed to provide protection for your personal information globally.
Please note that some countries have privacy laws that are not equivalent to privacy laws in your own country. In such countries, Lenovo will still handle information in the manner we describe here and will take such measures as are necessary to comply with applicable data protection laws when transferring and processing your information.  Where required, Lenovo will also maintain agreements between Lenovo group companies or with Lenovo partners or suppliers to govern the transferring, processing and protection of personal information.
In addition to the privacy practices set out in this policy, Lenovo’s Motorola Mobility business has established a set of "Binding Corporate Rules" for internal transfers between Motorola Mobility group companies in the European Union and Motorola Mobility group companies elsewhere. These have been approved by certain European Union Data Protection Authorities and are a commitment by Motorola Mobility to adequately protect personal information that Motorola Mobility processes regardless of where the information resides. A full copy of the rules can be found here . For additional information, please contact privacy@lenovo.com .
Does Lenovo use cookies, web beacons, analytics and related technologies for online advertising and other purposes?
As is true of most websites, we collect certain information automatically and store it in log files. We sometimes collect information about our visitor's behavior during their visits to our websites to help us provide better customer service, to improve the quality of our website experiences or to tailor advertising.
For example, we keep track of the domains from which visitors come to our website, and we also measure visitor activity on Lenovo websites, but we do so in ways that do not enable the actual identity of any visitor (we call this "non-identifiable information" below). Lenovo or others on Lenovo's behalf may use this data to analyze trends and statistics, to improve our websites and to serve targeted advertising.
Clickstreams:
When we collect personal information from you in a transaction, we may extract some information about that transaction in a non-identifiable format and combine it with other non-identifiable information. This information is sometimes called a "clickstream”. This information is used and analyzed only at an aggregate level to help us understand trends and patterns. This information is not reviewed at an individual level.
Cookies:
In order to offer and provide a customized website experience, Lenovo may use cookies, such as GoogleAnalytics and DoubleClick cookies, to store and help track information about you. Cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Lenovo uses cookies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits. Cookies enable us to save passwords and preferences for you so you won't have to re-enter them each time you visit. We also use cookies in order to determine relevant interest based advertisements to serve the user.
Lenovo may also use cookies to measure traffic patterns and which areas of the Lenovo site you have visited and your visiting patterns. Lenovo may use this information to understand how our users navigate our site and to determine common traffic patterns, including what site the user came from. We use this information to simplify site navigation, to make product recommendations and to help design our site in order to make your experience more efficient and enjoyable. The use of cookies is relatively standard. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, if you prefer not to store cookies, you can choose to:
not use our sites
set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie
set your browser to refuse to accept cookies
delete our cookies after visiting our site
browse our site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called "Incognito" in Chrome, "InPrivate" for Internet Explorer, "Private Browsing" in Firefox and Safari etc.)
However, please note that certain Lenovo websites may not respond to Do-Not-Track signals sent by certain browsers. You should also understand that some features of the Lenovo website may not function properly if you don't accept cookies.
If you do not know how to control or delete cookies, or would like to opt-out of receiving certain targeted ads based on your browsing history, we recommend that you visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ , http://www.aboutads.info/ , or www.youronlinechoices.eu for detailed guidance, including opt-out instructions.
If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers and/or opt out of the customized Google Display Network, you may do so by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager . You may also wish to utilize the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to opt-out of Google Analytics. For information on how to do this on the browser of your product or mobile device you will need to refer to your browser's or mobile device's help menu or product manual.
Local Storage Objects:
Additionally, we may use local storage objects (LSOs) such as Flash cookies and HTML5 to store content information and preferences. Suppliers and partners with who provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use LSOs such as HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash cookies, please click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
Online Advertising:
Lenovo may also use services hosted by companies, such as Google Analytics for Display Advertisers, Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Campaign Manager and Google Analytics Demographic and Interest Reporting to assist in providing services to help us understand our customers' use of our websites and products, and to deliver and manage interest-based advertisements. These services may collect information, such as your IP address, sent by your browser or via cookies (for information on how to control these cookies, see the heading "Cookies" above).
This information may be used to measure website trends and to deliver a Lenovo product advertisement while browsing a website including non-Lenovo websites. These ads are delivered based on a user’s visit to the Lenovo website. Lenovo and its suppliers, including Google and DoubleClick, use cookies to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to Lenovo’s website.
If you don't want to have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out . You will still continue to receive generic ads.
Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-Op:
Lenovo participates in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Cooperative to better understand how you use certain websites and apps of ours across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. Learn more about how Adobe does this and how you may opt-out of this program .
Web beacons and other technologies:
Some Lenovo websites also use web beacon or other technologies such as Java scripts and etags to better tailor those sites to provide better customer service. These technologies may be in use on a number of pages across Lenovo websites. When a visitor accesses these pages, a non-identifiable notice of that visit is generated. This may be processed by us or by our suppliers. These web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies. If you turn off cookies, web beacons and other technologies will still detect visits to these pages, but the notices they generate cannot be associated with other non-identifiable cookie information and are disregarded.
Personalized URL Links:
On occasion, we may personalize and customize websites for certain visitors. If you visit one of these sites, you may find it customized with references to products and/or services that we believe may be of interest to you, based on your previous interactions with Lenovo and information you have provided to us. While you are visiting these websites, we may collect information about your visit to better tailor the site to your interests. An invitation to visit one of these websites can be presented as a personalized URL in an email, a notice on a website registration page, or as a response to you logging on to a certain website.
If you choose to visit one of these websites, Lenovo will collect information about your visits and associate with other information about you and your relationship with Lenovo. If you do not want your information to be used in this way, please do not visit these sites.
How long will my personal information be retained?
We will retain your personal information only for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with services. We will also retain your personal information as necessary to comply with applicable legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements.
How is my information secured?
Lenovo implements appropriate technical and organizational measures and processes to protect your personal information and to maintain its quality both during transmission and once it is received. For example, we use encryption when transmitting sensitive information such as a credit card number to help us to keep your information secure.
However, please remember that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we have taken appropriate steps to protect your personal information, Lenovo cannot ensure or otherwise warrant the security of any information you provide to us or from our website and therefore you use our site at your own risk. Information on how to report security questions, issues or possible incidents to the Lenovo Information Security Team can be found here .
What about my child’s privacy?
Websites operated by or on behalf of Lenovo are intended for use by persons age 16 and over. Lenovo does not seek to collect information about children under the age of 16. No information should be submitted to or posted on Lenovo's websites by users under 16 years of age.
If a child under the age of 16 submits personal information to Lenovo's web sites, we delete the information as soon as we discover it was provided by a child under 16 years of age and do not use it for any purpose. Lenovo encourages parents to take an active role in their child(ren)'s use of the Internet and to inform them of the potential dangers of providing information about themselves over the Internet.
What are my data protection rights?
Applicable data protection laws may give you the right to control our use and processing of your personal information.  These may include the right (i) to request access to and a copy of your personal information, (ii) to object to processing of your personal information, or to request rectification or erasure of your personal information; (iii) to restrict processing of your personal information; and (iv) to data portability.  Where we are using your personal information with your consent, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, though this will not affect our uses of your personal information prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
To exercise any of your rights, please contact us at privacy@lenovo.com . We will consider and act upon any such requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws, and may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request.
You also have the right to raise questions or complaints with your applicable national data protection authority at any time.
How may I contact the Lenovo Privacy Program?
If you have a question about this privacy policy, you can contact Lenovo via privacy@lenovo.com or via U.S. postal mail at Lenovo, Attn: Privacy Program, 1009 Think Place, Morrisville, North Carolina, USA 27560.
About this Statement
What this statement applies to:
Your privacy is important to Lenovo. Your privacy is important to Lenovo. This privacy statement applies to software and services provided by Lenovo and its affiliated companies, including Motorola Mobility (collectively “Lenovo”) and available for use on Lenovo products , including but not limited to personal computers (PCs), tablets, smartphones, workstations and storage devices (collectively “Lenovo Products”). This statement also applies to Lenovo software, applications and experiences you may use on a third-party product or device. This privacy statement describes the information practices for Lenovo Products, including what types of information are collected, how Lenovo uses and protects this information, and with whom the information is shared.
What this statement does not apply to:
Lenovo also collects personal information via Lenovo’s websites, in addition to other sources. To learn more about our website privacy practices, please visit the Lenovo website privacy statement. Further, this statement does not apply to third-party software and other services you install on or access through your Lenovo Product(s).
Changes to this statement:
If we make a change to this statement, we will make previous versions available so that you can see when changes occurred and what they are. If we make any material changes to this statement, we will notify you by means of a notice on Lenovo’s website or by an email (sent to the email address specified in your account) prior to the change becoming effective. Where we are required by applicable data protection laws, we will also seek your consent to any material changes that affect how we use your personal information.  We encourage you to review this page periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices. If one or more Lenovo Products changes the way information is collected, stored, transferred, or otherwise used, we will ask for your permission before activating the changes in your Lenovo Product(s).
Please note that secondary users and guest users of Lenovo Products that support such multi-user capabilities may not have the same ability to control settings, permissions, and choices related to information collection, use and sharing that the primary user may have.
What information does Lenovo collect & How Do We Use It?
Lenovo collects information about you and your Lenovo Product(s) and uses this information to keep your Lenovo Product(s) working their best and help you make the most of them. Please note that, in certain circumstances, if you do not provide us with personal information where required, we may not be able to provide you with the Lenovo Products you have requested.
Creating a User Profile
Your User Profile can consist of information we may have gathered from your contact with Lenovo, such as your visits to our websites, contact with our customer service representatives, Lenovo Product(s) registration information, and from certain Lenovo Products that you use. This lets us give certain Lenovo Products, as well as third-party services enabled on Lenovo Products, the information they need to function; troubleshoot problems you may have; suggest ways to make your Lenovo Products work better; provide you with news, updates, and information about your Lenovo Products; and, if you choose to receive marketing communications, provide you with news and information about additional Lenovo Products that you may be interested in.
Lenovo ID and Lenovo Product Registration
When you choose to create a Lenovo ID or register your Lenovo Product, we will collect information, including personal information, about you and your Lenovo Product(s). In addition to your Lenovo ID, we may ask you to provide additional information, such as your name, email address, language and region/country, product type/model, IP address, product serial number, date of product registration, and any activation data about your operating system.
We use your Lenovo ID to identify you when you use our online services, like our online store and customer support site.  Your Lenovo ID and your personal information associated with it will not be connected to any product usage information we have collected. If you wish to change or deactivate your Lenovo ID, you may do so at any time by contacting privacy@lenovo.com .
Keeping Your Software Up to Date
If you choose to allow collection of data from Lenovo Products, we may collect and use information about your Lenovo Product(s) to identify whether the software you are using is the most up to date version. We use this information to develop new products and software features and for solutions to fix bugs so that your Lenovo Product(s) run smoother and more efficiently.
Providing Customer Support
You may choose to provide us with information about how you use your Lenovo Product(s) to provide effective or enhanced customer support. The types of information we may collect about your Lenovo Product(s) include product serial number or other identification number; product type/model; IP address; and usage information about how you use your Lenovo Product(s) and its components, such as instrumentation and system functionality. If you choose to allow collection of personal information, Lenovo may also collect personal information including your name, user ID, and email address.
We use this information to troubleshoot issues you may have with your Lenovo Product(s); provide software bug fixes and other support services; and improve our service functions. If you decide you do not want to share this information with Lenovo, you may turn off the option for product usage data collection in the Privacy Settings of your Lenovo Product(s) and in a particular application.
Improving Our Products & Software
You may choose to provide us with information about how you use your Lenovo product(s) and software to improve Lenovo Products. The types of information we may collect include your product serial number or other identification number; product model/type; behavioral information about how you use your Lenovo Product(s) and software; and the Lenovo Product’s performance.
We use this information to identify performance trends of Lenovo Products and software; develop new product features for future models; to deliver an overall better user experience; and to send you product and service-related communications you choose to receive. If you decide you do not want to share this information with Lenovo, you may turn off the option for product data collection in the Privacy Settings of your Lenovo Product and in a particular application, or uninstall the particular application.
Software Usage Information
While you use your Lenovo Product(s), you may choose to provide us with information about your use of Lenovo applications. The information we may collect includes how often you use an application, which features you used within an application, and the application’s performance. The usage information we collect for this purpose does not directly identify you or your Lenovo Product(s), unless you have chosen to enable enhanced device support or “Help Improve” functionality on your Lenovo Products.
We use this software usage information to analyze the performance of Lenovo applications; to develop enhanced improvements for future versions; and to send you product and service-related communications you choose to receive. If at any time you wish to deactivate this information collection, you may do so in the Privacy settings within the specific application. For more information on how to deactivate the collection of software usage information in certain Lenovo applications, you can (i) open the Lenovo Settings application and turn off Usage Statistics collection, (ii) uninstall a particular application in the Control Panel or through the Settings menu, or (iii) visit the Lenovo Support page on limiting usage information collection here .
Lenovo Product, Software and Service Functionality
Certain Lenovo Products, software applications and services need to store performance information to operate. We will access this information only after you have chosen to enable or use these functions. This information includes product identifiers such as a serial number, application usage information and technical data. In the Lenovo smartphone and mobile devices context, this information may also include the location of your Lenovo Products and user generated content, such as audio for voice-activated applications. These applications will store this information locally on your Lenovo Product but, in specific circumstances, they may need to provide the information to Lenovo or an application partner to complete certain functions that you have chosen to enable, such as applications with voice-activated features or location-based services on your Lenovo Product(s).
If at any time you wish to limit or deactivate the collection of this information by Lenovo, you may (i) turn off data collection within the Privacy settings of your Lenovo Product or a particular application, (ii) refer to the “Settings” menu in your Lenovo Product or a particular application for specific instructions on how to disable or uninstall the application at issue, or (iii) visit the Lenovo Support site here for more information on how to uninstall Lenovo applications. Otherwise, please refer to product or application “Settings” for specific instructions on how to disable or uninstall the application at issue.
Applications that Handle Information – Additional Details
The following describes how certain Lenovo and Motorola applications handle your information. Please note that these descriptions may not include all Lenovo or Motorola applications available for or on your Lenovo Product. Also, not all Lenovo Products support all Lenovo or Motorola applications, and different Lenovo or Motorola applications may be available to you and may vary, depending on which Lenovo Product(s) you own.
Lenovo Applications:
Lenovo Connect 2+
With Lenovo Connect 2+, you can automatically copy or move photos, music, videos and other files between devices, such as your phone and PC. You can also set your PC to display notifications received by your phone, and continue tasks on a separate device than the one you started on.  Also, Connect2+ can automatically connect your devices with no WIFI LAN or cellular data network required. Connect2+will collect location and device identifiers to ease the connection between your devices, as well as application usage data, such as what features of Connect2+ you use and how often you connect devices.
Lenovo Settings
Lenovo Settings is your hub for a smarter PC, with centralized access to all major hardware features and controls. In Settings, you can access a single interface to configure device functionality according to certain modes, atmosphere and usage, all based on your personal preferences.  If you set your PC to automatically update according to location or network accessibility, Settings will collect corresponding data, such as WIFI and VPN information, to seamlessly update your system. All system information is collected and retained on your PC; however, you can choose to share anonymous information about how you use Settings.
Lenovo Companion
Lenovo Companion enables you to access and understand your computer’s best capabilities and features. You can use Companion to optimize your PC’s performance, monitor its health and manage ongoing updates. Companion will collect your PC’s device identifiers and event and usage data, such as system functionality, application use and support information. This information will be stored on your PC, and information about your use of Companion may be shared with Lenovo only if you opt-in to such data collection.
Lenovo Nerve Center
Lenovo Nerve Center is designed to enhance your gaming experience on Lenovo Gaming PCs. Nerve Center offers a hardware- and software-adaptive experience, and allows you to personalize many aspects of gaming on your PC. Nerve Center can collect your preferences for hardware functions such as keyboard, touchpad and speaker, while also assisting your video and audio recording while playing. Any system information and recordings collected with Nerve Center is retained on your Lenovo PC, and no sensitive information is shared with Lenovo.
Motorola Applications:
Motorola’s Camera application allows you to:
Tag your photos and videos with location data. When you share tagged photos with others, you will also share the location information. If you choose to geo-tag your photos and videos, Motorola’s Gallery app will use the information to help organize your views.
Launch the application without touching the screen by using contextual data derived from sensors to detect a launch gesture.
Take better pictures by using face detection and other analytics on what’s in your viewfinder to deliver the best image, which may occur before or after you triggered the shutter. You can compare the best image with the original picture you captured in Gallery and select which images to keep. Face detection information stays on your phone and doesn’t get uploaded to Motorola or shared with third parties. To help us troubleshoot performance issues, Camera will store image quality information in your photos’ metadata. Sharing the photos will also share image quality information.
Digital TV
Where supported, Motorola Digital TV brings the broadcast TV experience to your mobile device, with the additional support of the Electronic Program Guide (EPG) and Ginga for user interactivity. Users may also record the TV programs they like and choose when to watch their favorite programs. Digital TV will collect certain anonymous event-based data, such as which channels are launched via Digital TV.
Gallery
Motorola’s Gallery application has a Highlight Reel feature that helps you make short video clips from your best photos and video scenes, and a People view feature that lets you tag a person. For these features, Gallery will analyze and compare faces that appear in your photos and videos (in addition to other quality measurements) to select the best scenes or to group photos or videos. Gallery keeps all data collected from your photos and videos relating to facial analysis on device and uses it solely to create Highlight Reel content or to group photos or videos.
Moto
Moto makes your device more responsive by giving you more ways to control and interact with it. Moto makes it easier for you to get important notifications, control your device with your voice and gestures, and automate useful settings changes depending on where you are or what you may be doing at the time.
Moto Actions makes it easier to interact with your Motorola products by letting you use simple gestures to perform tasks quickly. Moto Actions will:
Twist your wrist quickly to open camera anytime.
Swipe down to the left or right to make the screen smaller for one-handed use.
Turn your flashlight on or off if you make two "chopping" motions.
Moto Display will show important notifications on the screen of supported products so you can get quick access to them without having to power on the screen or unlock your home screen. Moto Display accesses certain content like your contacts, calendar entries, along with other apps and the notifications they send you.
Moto Voice and Moto Alexa let you control your Motorola products hands-free by speaking commands. It will:
Help you respond to calls and texts with your voice when you're driving, or at any location you choose.
Learn to recognize your voice and your launch phrase. This creates a mathematical representation of your voice sample that we use to trigger Moto Voice. For 2017 products and later, Moto Voice will keep the recording of your enrollment audios on your device for supporting complete Moto Voice functionality. For versions of Moto Voice that allow a custom launch phrase, Moto Voice will also keep a recording of it on your device for authentication purposes. You can also play it back to remind yourself at any time.
For 2016 and earlier products, we make a short recording after Moto Voice detects your launch phrase. We use this recording to either process your command or pass it onto Google Voice Search (locales other than China) or LingXi voice search (in China) and don’t upload it to Motorola servers unless you specifically agree to share your voice commands with us for performance analysis purposes.
See what apps you have installed on your phone so Moto Voice can help you control third-party apps with just your voice.
Please note that Amazon Alexa, which is enabled by the Moto Alexa functionality, is separately governed by Amazon’s privacy statements and Amazon’s Terms of Use for Alexa.  Please review those applicable Amazon policies to learn how Amazon Alexa handles your information.
To complete these tasks, Moto:
Collects information about your Motorola products’ current location and uploads it to Motorola to help identify places of interest and to determine when you may be in a vehicle.
Uses contextual data obtained from your device’s microphone and sensors like the accelerometer and gyroscope to determine when to activate certain modes, but does not upload it to Motorola.
Accesses user-generated content like your calendar entries, contacts, and call history, but does not upload it to Motorola.
Where supported, Moto will utilize Google Activity Recognition to help understand contextual data and determine which modes to activate. Moto provides contextual data to Google Activity Recognition subject to Google’s privacy policy .
Motorola Connect
Motorola Connect lets you easily connect and manage your Motorola products, like wireless earbuds, Bluetooth devices, wearable devices, and applications that run on your computer. Motorola Connect:
Checks your location so it knows which supported devices are nearby.
Automatically connects nearby supported devices directly (like over Bluetooth) when they come into range, or over the Internet.
Syncs information among supported devices so you can switch among them seamlessly.
On non-Motorola mobile devices, we also collect information about how often you use Motorola Connect features and how well Motorola Connect is working.
Additionally, some devices Motorola Connect manages rely on additional information to work.
Moto 360 and Moto Body
The Moto 360 smartwatch and the related Moto Body application use sensors built into the wearable device to collect wellness-related data like your heart rate, step count, and calories so you can track your progress towards daily and weekly activity goals. You can also create a wellness profile by providing demographic information like your height, weight, gender, and age. This will help your Moto 360 and Moto Body provide more accurate wellness information. If you use the Moto Body Running feature, Moto Body will also track and display your location on your device.
Moto 360 and Moto Body can upload your wellness profile, data, and location to our cloud and add it to your user profile. We use this information to provide you with access to more accurate wellness information like activity statistics over time. We also use it to create new, personalized features for your Moto 360, Moto Body and other Motorola products.
To delete a run, touch ☰ > Running. Touch the run you want to delete, then touch ⋮ > Delete run. To remove all your Moto Body activity data, contact privacy@motorola.com .
Moto 360 and Moto Body may also collect information about how often you use Moto 360 and Moto Body and how they're working.
Communications from Lenovo
If you choose to receive communications from Lenovo, such as via e-mail or in-product push notifications, we will collect personal and non-personal information about you to help us manage these communications. We will collect your name, email address and possibly additional personal information you choose to provide, and will use this information to send you product support announcements and promotional messages. If you no longer wish to receive communications from Lenovo, you may unsubscribe by using the unsubscribe link in our promotional messages. Data charges may apply to receiving such communications on mobile devices.
Single Sign-on from your Social Media Account
You can access your Lenovo account by signing on through various social media sites such as Facebook, Google, Twitter, etc. If you choose to sign on using these services, Lenovo will collect certain information from your social media account, including your public profile, email address, birthday, contact lists, interests, likes, and current city. Lenovo will link this information to your Lenovo profile and may use this information for analysis and internal marketing purposes if you have chosen to receive such messages. The information provided may be dependent on the privacy setting you have with your social media account.
How does Lenovo share information it collects?
Information collected by Lenovo is shared internally within the Lenovo group of companies, externally with contracted service providers working on Lenovo’s behalf, and as otherwise stated in this statement. Also, we may work with contracted service providers in certain circumstances to assist us in collecting, analyzing, and processing this information. In sharing information with the suppliers, service providers and other parties described below, we require these parties to handle such information in a manner consistent with this privacy statement and our security practices.
Marketing
The information you provide may be used by Lenovo and selected suppliers or partners for marketing purposes, such as when you subscribe to receive marketing communications or newsletters. Before this information is collected, we will offer you the opportunity to choose whether or not to have your information used in this way. You may choose to stop receiving our marketing communications by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these communications, accessing the marketing or contact preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at privacy@lenovo.com .
Service Quality Monitoring
Certain product and software support activities may also involve you calling Lenovo or Lenovo calling you. Please note that, in some cases, we may record such calls for staff training and quality assurance purposes. If you do not wish the call to be recorded, please notify the call taker.
To Deliver a Lenovo or Third-Party Product, Software or Service Experience
As described above in “Lenovo Product, Software and Service Functionality”, your Lenovo Product or Service may need to transmit certain information to a third party to complete functions that you have chosen to enable, such as applications with voice-activated features or location-based services on your Lenovo Product(s).
Disclosures Required by Law
In certain circumstances, it is possible that personal information may be subject to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders. Therefore, when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, we may disclose personal or other information to regulatory or government bodies, courts of law, tribunals, and law enforcement agencies to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Wireless Carriers
Lenovo and Motorola Mobility may share the information it collects with the wireless carriers that support our mobile devices. The parties that may receive your information include your wireless carrier, their affiliates, and their service providers. Any information we share with wireless carriers will be done in accordance with this privacy notice and will also be subject to your customer agreement with your carrier and the privacy policies of your carrier.
Mergers & Acquisitions
Circumstances may arise when, whether for strategic or other business reasons, Lenovo decides to sell, buy, merge, or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries.  You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or receiving it from sellers.
Other Sources
In addition to the above, there may circumstances which require us to disclose your personal information to parties in addition to those listed above, including, but not limited to, legal advisers or debt collection agencies.
Does Lenovo transfer my personal information internationally?
Lenovo is a global organization, with legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross borders. Therefore, where permitted by law, we may share your personal information within Lenovo (including to subsidiaries, affiliates and parent companies) or our suppliers and business partners and may transfer it to countries in the world where we do business (including, but not limited to, the United States of America and China). Regardless of where your information is transferred to and resides, our privacy and security practices are designed to provide protection for your personal information globally.
Please note that some countries have privacy laws that are not equivalent to privacy laws in your own country. In such countries, Lenovo will still handle information in the manner we describe here and will take such measures as are necessary to comply with applicable data protection laws when transferring and processing your information.  Where required, Lenovo will also maintain agreements between Lenovo group companies or with Lenovo partners or suppliers to govern the transferring, processing and protection of personal information.
In addition to the privacy practices set out in this statement, Lenovo’s Motorola Mobility business has established a set of "Binding Corporate Rules" for internal transfers between Motorola Mobility group companies in the European Union and Motorola Mobility group companies elsewhere. These have been approved by certain European Union Data Protection Authorities, and are a commitment by Motorola Mobility to adequately protect personal information that Motorola Mobility processes regardless of where the information resides. A full copy of the rules can be found here . For further information, please contact privacy@lenovo.com .
How long will my information be retained?
We will retain your information only for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with service and technical support. We will also retain your personal information as necessary to comply with applicable legal obligations, to resolve disputes and to enforce agreements. If you request deletion of your information, we will respond and delete your information in accordance with our policies and applicable laws.
How is my information protected?
We use standard technical and organizational measures when we transmit information from Lenovo Products to our servers, when we store data, and when we share it with third parties. For example, we use encryption when transmitting sensitive information to keep your information secure. When sharing your information with third parties, we will take reasonable and appropriate steps that such parties will protect and use your information responsibly.
Lenovo Products may also include security features designed to help you protect the information you store on your Lenovo product(s). These may include solutions like encryption; passwords, PIN and fingerprint unlock; and remote control over your Lenovo Product(s) so you can locate, lock, and erase lost or stolen products. You can learn more about available features by accessing the Security Settings on your Lenovo Product(s).
However, please remember that no product, software, or data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we have taken appropriate steps to protect your product(s) and your information, Lenovo cannot ensure or otherwise warrant the security of your Lenovo Product(s) or any information you provide to us. By using Lenovo Products, you do so at your own risk. For more information on Lenovo product security and how to contact Lenovo’s product security team with questions or security vulnerabilities, please visit the Product Security site here .
What about my child's privacy?
Lenovo Products are intended for adults and children aged 16 and over, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, who have permission from their parents or legal guardians to use them. Lenovo does not seek to collect information about children under the age of 16. No information should be provided on Lenovo Products by users under the age of 16.
If Lenovo learns a child under the age of 16, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, has submitted personal information via Lenovo Products, we will take appropriate steps to delete the information as soon as possible and will not use it for any purpose. Lenovo encourages parents to take an active role in their child(ren)’s use of Lenovo Products and to inform them of the potential dangers of providing information about themselves.
What are my data protection rights?
Applicable data protection laws may give you the right to control our use and processing of your personal information.  These may include the right (i) to request access to and a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure of your personal information; (iii) to object to processing of your personal information; (iv) to restrict processing of your personal information; and (v) to data portability.  Where we are using your personal information with your consent, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, though this will not affect our uses of your personal information prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
To exercise any of your rights, please contact us at privacy@lenovo.com . We will consider and act upon any such requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws, and we may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request.
You also have the right to raise questions or complaints with your applicable national data protection authority at any time.
How may I contact Lenovo's Privacy Program?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, you can contact Lenovo via privacy@lenovo.com or via U.S. postal mail at Lenovo, Attn: Privacy Program, 1009 Think Place, Morrisville, NC, USA 27560.
Leaving lenovo.com
You are going to open an external link and will leave lenovo.com.Are you sure to leave?
OK
CANCEL
Leaving lenovo.com
You are going to open an external link and will leave lenovo.com.Are you sure to leave?
OK
CANCEL
Leaving lenovo.com
You are going to open an external link and will leave lenovo.com.Are you sure to leave?
OK
CANCEL
RESOURCES
Leaving lenovo.com
You are going to open an external link and will leave lenovo.com.Are you sure to leave?
OK
CANCEL
OK
CANCEL
Lenovo. All rights reserved.
