About Nextdoor
Nextdoor is the private social network for you, your neighbors and your community. It's the easiest way for you and your neighbors to talk online and make all of your lives better in the real world. And it's free.
Thousands of neighborhoods are already using Nextdoor to build happier, safer places to call home.
People are using Nextdoor to:
Quickly get the word out about a break-in
Organize a Neighborhood Watch Group
Track down a trustworthy babysitter
Find out who does the best paint job in town
Ask for help keeping an eye out for a lost dog
Find a new home for an outgrown bike
Finally call that nice man down the street by his first name
Nextdoor’s mission is to provide a trusted platform where neighbors work together to build stronger, safer, happier communities, all over the world.
Our mission
We created this company because we believe that the neighborhood is one of the most important and useful communities in a person's life.  We hope that neighbors everywhere will use the Nextdoor platform to build stronger and safer neighborhoods around the world.
If you are interested in joining our team, please view our current job openings .
Based in San Francisco, California, Nextdoor was founded in 2010 and is funded by Benchmark Capital , Greylock Partners , Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , Tiger Global Management, and Shasta Ventures as well as other investors and Silicon Valley angels.
Core values
We're for slowing down, children at play.
We're for sharing a common hedge and an awesome babysitter.
We're for neighborhood watch. Emergency response. And for just keeping an eye
out for a lost cat.
We believe waving hello to the new neighbor says, “Welcome” better than any doormat.
We believe technology is a powerful tool for making neighborhoods stronger, safer places
to call home.
We're all about online chats that lead to more clothesline chats.
We believe fences are sometimes necessary, but online privacy is always necessary.
We believe strong neighborhoods not only improve our property value, they improve
each one of our lives.
We believe that amazing things can happen by just talking with the people next door.
We are Nextdoor. We are simply you and your neighbors, together.
Privacy
Fences are sometimes necessary. But online privacy is always necessary. Nextdoor makes it safe to share online the kinds of things you'd be okay sharing with your neighbors in person.
Here's how:
Every neighbor has to verify their address.
Every neighbor signs in with their real name. Just like in person.
Your website is protected by password and encrypted by HTTPS.
We never share your info with advertisers.
Safety
Nextdoor makes it safe to share online the kind of things you'd be okay sharing with your neighbors in person.
Here's how:
Every neighbor must verify their address.
Each neighbor signs in with their real name. Just like in person.
You choose where your information is shared.
Your website is securely encrypted using the HTTPS Internet protocol.
Nextdoor never shares your personal information with third-party advertisers.
If you have a personal safety concern report it here.
To learn more about being a member, see our Member Agreement and Privacy Policy .
© Nextdoor 2018
