S
L
‘Green Sport’ Western red cedar is a fast growing tree that’s the perfect choice for creating an elegant—and evergreen—privacy screen. Plants respond well to pruning, allowing you to create the ideal hedge. Hardy in Zones 5-9. Botanical name: Thuja plicata ‘Green Sport’
Can’t hang curtains from your deck or patio? Get the look by making this portable privacy screen with PVC tubing and simple, inexpensive bedsheets. You can use any color sheets for this customizable project to complement your other outdoor decor.
Can’t hang curtains from your deck or patio? Get the look by making this portable privacy screen with PVC tubing and simple, inexpensive bedsheets. You can use any color sheets for this customizable project to complement your other outdoor decor.
Can’t hang curtains from your deck or patio? Get the look by making this portable privacy screen with PVC tubing and simple, inexpensive bedsheets. You can use any color sheets for this customizable project to complement your other outdoor decor.
Learn how to make an outdoor privacy screen using PVC pipes and simple, inexpensive bedsheets at HGTV.
Upholstered folding privacy screens on both sides of the bed are used to add texture and dimension to the bedroom.
Wooden privacy screens section off this rustic porch sitting area. The modern herringbone design creates a stylish twist on a basic door.
The small rooftop terrace features a dining area for shielded by a privacy screen for easy outdoor entertaining. Potted shrubs in modern containers gives the terrace some greenery.
With the location of the home office next to the main entry hall, designer Courtney Blaymore opted to include a custom designed wall partition in order to create an element of privacy. Just beyond the screen, two white office chairs are positioned in front of a white desk with a gray accent wall.
Attach two sections together by screwing the hinges in place at the pre-drilled holes on the top and bottoms of the pipes. Repeat for the other side with the hinge facing the other direction.
Attach two sections together by screwing the hinges in place at the pre-drilled holes on the top and bottoms of the pipes. Repeat for the other side with the hinge facing the other direction.
This spacious deck extends the home's living space to the outdoors. A sunny spot includes a small basketball goal for a little extra fun.
Lay the 1’ and 6’ pieces on a drop cloth and use spray primer to coat completely on one side. When dry, flip and prime the opposite side. Repeat with spray paint, adding additional coats as needed for full coverage. It is not necessary to paint the 3’ pieces.
Cut each of the PVC pipes into three pieces: (1) 6’ long, (1) 3’ long, (1) 1’ long. Wipe the pipes and the fittings free of dust and debris.
Stand the screen in place slightly bent at the hinges for stability. Distribute the fabric gathers evenly on the top and bottom of each panel.
Lay four of the 6’ pipes on a flat surface. Measure 6” from one end and make a mark with a marker. Make another mark 6” from the opposite end and lined up evenly with the first mark. Lay a hinge on the pipe with a hole over the mark and the unmarked hole away from the closest end. Make a mark in the second hole with the marker. Repeat for the other end. Pre-drill screw holes at the marks with a drill bit just slightly smaller than the screws for the hinges.
A blue table and pillows pop in one area of a rooftop terrace outside a modern penthouse. A wood privacy screen serves as the backdrop to the modern water fountain.
This New York City patio desperately needed privacy. Lifestyle blogger Anna Osgoodby’s budget-friendly solution was to attach an affordable (less than $50) mesh windscreen to her chain link fence using a bit of twine.
