March 19, 2018 by Tianqing Zhu, The Conversation
Tech companies can use differential privacy to collect and share aggregate data about user habits, while maintaining individual privacy. Credit: Tim Snell/Flickr, CC BY-ND
It's no secret that big tech companies like Facebook, Google, Apple and Amazon are increasingly infiltrating our personal and social interactions to collect vast amounts of data on us every day. At the same time, privacy violations in cyberspace regularly make front page news.
So how should privacy be protected in a world where data is gathered and shared with increasing speed and ingenuity?
Differential privacy is a new model of cyber security that proponents claim can protect personal data far better than traditional methods.
The maths it is based on was developed 10 years ago, and the method has been adopted by Apple and Google in recent years.
What is differential privacy?
Differential privacy makes it possible for tech companies to collect and share aggregate information about user habits, while maintaining the privacy of individual users.
For example, say you wanted to show the most popular routes people take walking through a park. You track the routes of 100 people who regularly walk through the park, and whether they walk on the path or through the grass.
But instead of sharing the specific people taking each route, you share the aggregate data collected over time. People viewing your results might know that 60 out of 100 people prefer to take a short-cut through the grass, but not which 60 people.
Why do we need it?
Many of the world's governments have strict policies about how tech companies collect and share user data . Companies who do not follow the rules can face huge fines. A Belgian court recently ordered Facebook to stop collecting data on users' browsing habits on external websites, or face fines of €250,000 a day.
For many companies, especially multinationals operating in different jurisdictions, this leaves them in a delicate position when it comes to the collection and use of customer data.
On the one hand, these companies need users' data so they can provide high-quality services that benefit users, such as personalised recommendations. On the other hand, they may face charges if they collect too much user data, or if they try to move data from one jurisdiction to another.
Traditional privacy-preserving tools such as cryptography can't resolve this dilemma since it prevents tech companies from accessing the data at all. And anonymity reduces the value of data – an algorithm can't serve you personalised recommendations if it doesn't know what your habits are.
Credit: Marco Verch/Flickr, CC BY
How does it work?
Let's continue the example of walking routes through a park. If you know the identities of those included in the study, but you don't know who took which route then you might assume that privacy is protected. But that may not be the case.
Say someone viewing your data wants to ascertain if Bob prefers to walk through the grass or on the path. They have obtained background information about the other 99 people in the study, which tells them that 40 people prefer to walk on the path and 59 prefer to walk through the grass. Therefore, they can deduce that Bob, who is the 100th person in the database, is the 60th person who prefers to walk through the grass.
This type of attack is a called a differentiated attack, and it is quite hard to defend against as you cannot control how much background knowledge someone can obtain. Differential privacy aims to defend against this type of attack.
Someone deducing your walking route might not sound too serious, but if you replace walking routes with HIV test results, then you can see there is potential for a serious invasion of privacy.
The differential privacy model guarantees that even if someone has complete information about 99 of 100 people in a data set, they still cannot deduce the information about the final person.
The primary mechanism to achieve that is to add random noise to the aggregate data. In the path example, you may say the number of people who prefer to cross the grass is 59 or 61, rather than exact number of 60. The inaccurate number can preserve the privacy of Bob, but it will have very little impact on the pattern: around 60% people prefer to take a short-cut.
The noise is carefully designed. When Apple employed differential privacy in iOS 10, it added noise to individual user inputs. That means it can track, for example, the most frequently used emojis, but the emoji usage of any individual user is masked.
Cynthia Dwork, the inventor of the differential privacy , has proposed wonderful mathematical proofs on how much noise is enough to achieve the requirement of differential privacy.
What are its practical applications?
Differential privacy can be applied to everything from recommendation systems to location-based services and social networks. Apple uses differential privacy to gather anonymous usage insights from devices like iPhones, iPads and Macs. The method is user-friendly, and legally in the clear .
Differential privacy would also allow a company like Amazon access your personalised shopping preferences while hiding sensitive information about your historical purchase list. Facebook could use it to collect behavioural data for targeted advertising, without violating a country's privacy policies .
How could it be used in the future?
Different countries have varying privacy policies, and sensitive documents currently have to be manually checked before they move from one country to another. This is time-consuming and expensive.
Recently, a team from Deakin University developed differential privacy technology to automate privacy processes within cloud-sharing communities across countries.
They propose using mathematical formulas to model the privacy laws of each country that could be translated to "middleware" (software) to ensure the data conforms. Employing differential privacy in this way could protect the privacy of users and resolve a data sharing headache for tech companies .
0
Related Stories
March 1, 2018
If you're anything like the average Internet user, you probably didn't spend the estimated 244 hours it would take to read every privacy policy for every website you visited last year. That's exactly why a team led by Carnegie ...
January 31, 2018
Facebook says it will launch a new privacy center to help people understand what it does with their data as the giant social network prepares for sweeping new data protection rules in Europe designed to rein in the growing ...
October 18, 2017
The European Union says that the one-year-old rules governing data transfers with the U.S. are working well but that some improvements can still be made to the system to guarantee EU citizens' privacy protection.
September 5, 2014
Facebook on Thursday began rolling out its "privacy checkup" aimed at helping users of the huge social network better manage sharing their information and postings.
June 22, 2016
Modern technology has presented us with something of a Faustian bargain when it comes to our privacy, but Apple thinks we should have another option.
May 19, 2017
When it comes to privacy, Australians are fairly clear about which organisations they trust and what information they feel uncomfortable sharing. This is according to a recent report released by the Office of the Australian ...
Recommended for you
Scientists at the United Technologies Research Center and UConn used advanced additive manufacturing technology to create 'smart' machine components that alert users when they are damaged or worn.
July 29, 2018
For a long time, Apple appeared to be flying solo to a $1 trillion market value, but Amazon is right at its heels—and experts have no fears of a tech bubble.
Researchers in the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology Computer Science Department and the Hiroshi Fujiwara Cyber Security Research Center at the Technion have successfully deciphered Bluetooth communication, which was ...
July 24, 2018
A new video game, designed by researchers at the University of Cambridge, gives teenagers an understanding of electricity by solving a series of puzzles in a bid to encourage more of them to study engineering at university.
July 22, 2018
Burberry, which has been in the crosshairs for burning tens of millions of dollars of its products, is far from the only firm to destroy unsold goods to maintain the exclusivity and luxury mystique of their brands.
July 20, 2018
Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Twitter unveiled plans Friday to make it easier for users to take their personal data and leave one online service for another.
0 comments
Please sign in to add a comment.                         Registration is free, and takes less than a minute. Read more
Sign in to get notified via email when new comments are made.
Not a member? Register
