Privacy Policy
The School of Hotel Administration (SHA) is committed to protecting your privacy. The following Privacy Policy describes what information we collect from you when you visit this site and how we use this information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand our privacy practices.
Information the School of Hotel Administration collects
SHA collects three kinds of information on this site:
Registration information that is voluntarily supplied by visitors to this site who enroll in, or request information about, the programs offered through the school or its affiliated departments
Connection information that is automatically collected as visitors navigate through this site
If you choose to register for enrollment in one or more of the programs, or simply ask for information pertaining to these programs offered by SHA (or one of its departments), you will be required to provide certain enrollment information that we need to process your application for enrollment. This site automatically recognizes and records certain non-personal information, including the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com or cornell.edu); the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and the operating system; the date and time you access this site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to this site. We may also use a cookie to place a session ID in your browser that we can retrieve later to verify your identity or retrieve your persistent information, such as the contents of a shopping cart.
This site also includes links to other websites hosted by third parties. When you access any such website from this site, use of any information you provide will be governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting.
How the School of Hotel Administration uses this information
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We share your registration information with Cornell University, which will use it as a part of your enrollment in programs offered through SHA and its departments. We may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to:
Comply with law
Enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements
Protect the rights, property, or safety of SHA, any department or office affiliated with SHA, Cornell University, our users, or others
We may also release information to your employer if you enroll in a program through a corporate agreement.
Sales data is used internally for tracking the revenue-generation of individual programs and the efficacy of certain ad campaigns (Google ads, Facebook ads, etc). We assign an arbitrary number to each shopping cart and use that number in our purchase records. Payment method (credit card numbers, account numbers, etc.) are not stored as part of this tracking data.
How the School of Hotel Administration protects your information
When you access your personal information, we use a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. As effective as encryption technology is, however, no security system is completely impenetrable, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
Your rights under the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
If you enroll in a program offered through SHA or one of its affiliated departments or offices, personally identifiable information you provide us—other than basic directory information, or that we or Cornell University create that pertains to you—may be protected from disclosure under the provisions of the federal Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). You may also have specific rights with regard to accessing this information and correcting any errors. For further information regarding the applicability of FERPA and your rights under it, please contact us at ha-registrar@cornell.edu .
Your consent
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by SHA, its affiliated departments and offices, and by Cornell University for the purpose of your enrollment in programs offered through SHA. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page before the changes take effect. Of course, our use of information gathered while the current policy is in effect will always be consistent with the current policy, even if we change that policy later. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at webmaster@sha.cornell.edu .
Unsubscribing from broadcast emails
 
School of Hotel Administration - 130 Statler Drive, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853-6901
