PRIVACY POLICY
Safeguarding your privacy is important to us. WSPACE is committed to maintaining your trust by protecting personal information that we collect and use.
 
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect various types of personal information in connection with the Services, namely:
information you provide us directly;
information we collect about your device(s) and your use of our Services, including through cookies, web beacons, and other internet technologies; and
information we obtain from third-party sources.
 
PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE US DIRECTLY
We collect various types of information and content that you provide us directly. For example, in order to enroll as a member or to access some of our Services, you will be requested to provide us with your name, telephone number, email address, postal address, and where applicable company or organization name. We also collect other content and information that you provide us directly, including the content and information you may add to your member network or other community profile and photographs or other information or documentation you submit or provide us and the communications that you transmit through our networks. We collect billing and payment information you provide when you access some of our Services or purchase products and services. We also collect information that you provide us when you participate in our surveys, sweepstakes or events. If you do not provide us with the requested information, we may be unable to deliver you the Services in full.
To the extent that you disclose to us any personal information of another individual, we assume that you have obtained such individual’s consent for the disclosure of such personal information as well as the processing of the same in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR DEVICE(S) AND YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES
We collect information about how you use our Services and, depending on the access permissions you have chosen for your device, other information, as specified below, from and about the computers, phones, and other devices where you install or access our Services. We use standard internet technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information about your computer or device and your online activity, as explained in more detail in the section on cookies.
The information we collect in this respect is:
your browser type and operating system;
IP address and device identifiers;
your browsing behavior on our Services, such as the amount of time spent viewing our online Services and the links you click within our online Services;
websites you visit before or after our websites;
whether you have opened or forwarded our e-mails or connected to offers or links that we send you; and
your general or specific geographic location, such as through GPS, Bluetooth or WiFi signals to the extent permitted by the settings of your devices.
If you use our internet connection, networks, telecommunications systems or information processing systems, your activity and any files or messages on those systems may also be monitored by WSPACE at any time, in accordance with applicable law, for purposes of an investigation or to ensure compliance with company policies.
INFORMATION FROM THIRD-PARTY SOURCES
We obtain information about you from your company or organization, including when they may create or supplement your profile for you in the member network. You can review and amend this profile at any time. For further details, see below . We also receive information about you from publicly and commercially available sources and other third parties as permitted by law. We may combine this information with other information we receive from or about you, where necessary to provide the Services you requested.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use the personal information that we collect as necessary and appropriate for the following purposes:
To provide our products and services. We use your personal information to provide you with the products, services, and features that you or your company or organization have requested; to respond to inquiries we receive from you or your company or organization; to verify your identity; in connection with a transaction that you or your company or organization has initiated; to deliver notifications and other operational communications; and for troubleshooting.
To improve our products and services and to analyze how users navigate and use our products and services and individual features.
To manage the performance of our products and services.
For audit and reporting purposes, to perform accounting and administrative tasks, and to enforce or manage legal claims.
To deliver advertising and promotional communications. For example, we may periodically contact you with offers and information about our products, services, features, and events; to send you newsletters or other information about topics that we believe may be of interest; to conduct online surveys; and to otherwise promote our products, services, features, and events. We also may deliver targeted advertisements to you, both on and off the Services.
 
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We disclose your personal information in the following circumstances to the following parties:
Among WSPACE companies. Our services are provided by affiliates of WSPACE depending on where you are located and the services you use. WSPACE shares personal information with those affiliates for the purposes mentioned above. These affiliates use your information in accordance with this policy.
Our Community. Our Services include online and offline member communities, forums and networks that allow you to share and connect with others. We make this possible for WSPACE members by creating a profile for new members that contains your name and the name of your company or other organization. This profile is created automatically and is accessible to other members of the forum or network, some of which include all WSPACE members. You can supplement your profile by adding additional information about yourself and your company or organization and by posting content and comments and you may be able to share your profile with a broader audience.
Service Providers. We rely on third-party service providers to perform a variety of services on our behalf. For example, we may rely on service providers to host data and platforms, fulfill our product and service requests and answer your questions, send e-mails on our behalf, process payment card or other transactions, and analyze data to improve our products and services.
Other Parties When Required by Law and as Necessary to Provide and Protect Our Services. There may be instances when we disclose your information to other parties:
to provide you with the services you or your company or organization request, such as a disclosure of your information to a landlord in connection with a lease agreement, or to auditors or consultants;
to comply with the law or respond to legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity or law enforcement;
to detect, suppress, and prevent fraud or verify and enforce compliance with the policies governing our Services; or
to protect our rights, property, and safety or that of any of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers or employees and where otherwise required by law.
Other Parties in Connection with a Corporate Transaction. We will disclose your personal information to an acquiror in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of a business or assets to that third party, such as in connection with a merger or in the event of a bankruptcy reorganization or liquidation.
Third-Party Partners, With Your Consent. We may request your consent to share personal information about you with third parties so that they may provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you.
Other Parties at Your Company’s or Organization’s Direction. In addition to the disclosures described in this Policy, we may share information about you with third parties when your company or organization requests such sharing. For example, we periodically may partner with third parties to make products or services available to individual members or participating companies and organizations. If you or your company or organization requests to participate, we may share your information with the relevant third party in connection with the requested product or service.
Aggregated and Non-Personal Information. We also share with third parties information in a manner that does not identify particular individuals, for example, information that has been aggregated with other records.
Our Services contain links to other sites that we do not own or operate. We provide links to these third-party sites as a convenience to our members. They are not intended as an endorsement of or referral to the linked services. The linked services are subject to their separate and independent privacy statements, notices, and terms, which we recommend you read carefully. The collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to the privacy policies of the third party and not this Policy.
THIRD PARTIES THAT PROVIDE CONTENT OR FUNCTIONALITY ON OUR SERVICES
We also partner with certain third parties to collect, analyze, and use some of the personal information described in this Policy. For example:
Third-parties that provide features and functionality on the Services by means of plug-ins. Even if you do not click on or interact with social networking services or other plug-ins, they may collect information about you, such as your IP address and the pages that you view.
Advertising providers help us and our advertisers provide advertisements on our Services or elsewhere, including advertisements that are targeted based on your online behavior, and analytics companies help us measure and evaluate the usage of our services.
Other content providers may offer products and services on our Services and may operate contents, sweepstakes, or surveys on our Services.
These third parties collect or receive certain information about your use of our Services, including through the use of cookies, web beacons, and Internet technologies and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected across different websites and online services.
 
INFORMATION SECURITY
 
REVIEWING AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION
 
ACCESSING, REVIEWING, AND UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
To the extent provided for under applicable law, you may have the right to access your personal information and to update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information in light of the nature of our certain aspects of the services.
 
MARKETING RULES
 
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
 
CCTV
 
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN THE FUTURE
 
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS
If you have any questions or comments regarding our Policy, please contact us at:
WSPACE (M) Sdn Bhd,
COOKIES, WEB BEACONS, AND OTHER INTERNET TECHNOLOGIES
 
COOKIES
A cookie is a small file that may be stored on your computer or other device. A cookie enables the entity that put the cookie on your device to recognize it across different websites, services, devices, and browsing sessions.
 
WEB BEACONS
 
OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
 
Our websites use these technologies for the following general purposes:
Administering and improving our Services, including helping us measure and research the effectiveness of our content, features, advertisements, and other communications. For example, we measure which pages and features website visitors are accessing and how much time they are spending on our webpages. We may include web beacons in e-mails, for example, to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Storing your sign-in credentials and preferences so that you don’t have to enter those credentials and preferences every time you log on to a Service.
Helping us and third parties provide you with relevant content and advertising by collecting information about your use of our Services and other websites.
Please see “Use of Information” for details about how we use the information that we collect. By continuing to use the Services, you consent to our use of cookies, web beacons, and other Internet technologies as described above.
CONTACT US
WSPACE (M) SDN BHD (1118232-V)
Level 27 Penthouse, Centrepoint North, Mid Valley City, Lingkaran Syed Putra, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Wholly owned by Wspace Holdings Pte. Ltd.
