IKEA Pty Limited (ABN: 84006270757) (IKEA) and Cebas Pty Ltd (ACN 009 156 003) is committed to the protection and privacy of any personal information that you may give us. We comply with the Privacy Act 1988 and the Australian Privacy Principles.
In this Privacy Policy we explain how we handle your personal information. We try to be clear in our explanation but if you have any questions after reading it please contact our Data Privacy Officer (contact details are below).
1. What is personal information and why do we ask for it?
‘Personal Information’ and ‘Sensitive Information’ have the same meaning as in the Privacy Act 1988. Personal information generally includes any information that can be used to personally identify you.
Personal information is used by IKEA to sell our goods and services, to improve our range, offerings, and employment opportunities. IKEA will link the personal information you provide across our digital services in order to provide you with a personal experience.
We send out information about products and services we offer via email, SMS, phone calls, mobile applications, web, social media or via post. If you have told us that you prefer a way of us contacting you, we will try to use that method wherever possible.
You can “opt-out” of marketing communications at any time by replying in the same way that you received the communication, updating your profile on line or by contacting the Data Privacy Officer (contact details below). Unless you have opted out, you consent to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes in order to tell you about products and services we offer that we think may be of interest to you.
Sensitive information is collected by IKEA to offer our service of ‘Småland’, our children’s play area, where we need to know about any health issues so that we can care for your children in the best possible way. Other areas where we can collect sensitive information include incident reports where an injury has occurred or as part of a background checks a part of the employment process for certain positions. We will always securely handle and store this information when collected.
If we receive Personal information that IKEA has not asked for or we decide is not reasonably needed, we will aim to de-identify or delete this information to protect your privacy.
2. What personal information we collect
IKEA collects personal and sensitive information in the course of its everyday activities. IKEA will only collect such personal and sensitive information when necessary for one of our functions or activities.
Some examples of the types of information which we collect include:
• names;
• addresses;
• dates of birth;
• transaction history; and
• If you are a candidate for employment, we can collect your resume, and other information as set out in our application or during our recruitment process. This data can include information relating to your employment history, working eligibility rights, and your referee details.
• Device identification information when you use a computer, mobile phone, smartphone, tablet, or other device to access our IKEA digital services. This information can include session cookies, your device IMEI number, IP address or MAC address.
3. How we collect your personal information
Personal information can be collected when you:
• Register your details on our website, apps or kiosks;
• Complete purchase orders requests or applications for our products or services (by phone, in person or electronically);
• Communicate with us directly via our customer service centre, or via co-workers within our stores in relation to our products and services (in person, by email, telephone, direct mail or any other means);
• Use our services such as:
Småland,
• Conduct certain types of transactions such as purchases, refunds;
• Enter or interact with us during promotions, competitions, special events, or by using devices within our stores;
• Subscribe to any of our membership programme i.e. IKEA FAMILY, IKEA BUSINESS;
• Participate in surveys and other types of research;
• Are a candidate for employment and complete forms in relation to recruitment and selection. We also collect information about you from your nominated referees where you have authorised us to do so.
When using the IKEA website we use ‘cookies’ to ensure that it acts as you’d expect. Cookies are small text files sent by us to your computer which we can refer to later. They can be either a ‘session’ or ‘persistent’ cookies and may use either JavaScript or Flash. Cookies help us make your website experience smooth and as relevant to you as possible.
For more information click here:
4. Disclosure of information
IKEA will sometimes share relevant information with other companies that they need to carry out a service requested by you i.e. furniture delivery, benchtop services, warranty issues, etc.
When we share your information, the other company is only allowed to use your information to carry out the service which you have requested. They are required to follow the privacy laws and privacy guidelines and to take reasonable measures to ensure your Personal Information is secure.
IKEA does not sell Personal Information to any individuals, companies or groups. Personal Information we collect is only used for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
Personal and Sensitive Information is not disclosed to any other person except with your consent, at your direction, where we are required to by law or to any person authorised by such law (this may include the police service, or government departments or regulators within Australia in connection with law enforcement activities).
5. Third party web sites
Links to other company’s websites are provided to make things easier for you. If you use these links, you will leave the IKEA site. IKEA is not responsible for any of these sites, their content or their usage of your Personal Information.
6. Anonymity
IKEA respects the right for you to deal with us without identifying yourself and understands that you don’t have to give any information requested by us.
If you choose not to give us the information we have asked for, we will not be able to give you the goods or carry out services, particularly if the information is required by law.
7. Storage of information and cross-border data flows
Personal and Sensitive Information you provide is stored in both hard (i.e. paper based) and soft formats (i.e. IT based). Information is kept securely either on IKEA sites or on IKEA IT systems and only accessible by authorised staff.
IKEA makes reasonable efforts to destroy or de-identify personal information that is no longer needed.
Your Personal Information is sent to other parts of IKEA globally or to other companies who provide data storage and processing services, based in Australia or other countries such as Sweden, UK and Thailand. Where this happens, IKEA takes reasonable measures to make sure your personal information is secured in a way which complies with strict privacy and security standards, both while being sent and when it reaches its destination. We are committed to ensuring your Personal Information is secure and protected from misuse, interference, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
8. Access, correction and sensitive information
You have a right to request access to all Personal Information that IKEA has about you. Access may be refused as per the exceptions outlined in the Australian Privacy Principles.
IKEA’s Data Privacy Officer (contact details below) should be contacted if you wish to access your information. IKEA will have to confirm your identity before allowing access to the information. Access will generally be granted within 30 days of a written request being received by the Data Privacy Officer. This information will be provided free of cost.
You can also access your Personal Information by editing your online membership profile or through our in store kiosks.
If you become aware of any errors or missing information in your Personal Information once you have access, you should contact the Data Privacy Officer so that it can be corrected.
9. Changes to this statement
IKEA will continue to use new technologies and improve the services and features we provide. As a result, this Privacy Policy is subject to change. If there are changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post them here or in other formats for you to view.
10. Contacting IKEA
If individuals details change at any time, they have questions regarding this Privacy Policy or they would like more information about the way IKEA manages their personal and sensitive information, they should contact the Privacy Officer:
IKEA has a Data Privacy Officer who you can contact to:
• Update your personal information (i.e. if you have moved to a new apartment or have changed your phone number).
• Solve any questions about our Privacy Policy.
• Get more information about how IKEA manage your personal information.
You can contact our Data Privacy Officer at:
Phone:
Queensland/Northern Territory - 07 3380 6800
Adelaide - 08 8154 4532
Perth - 08 9201 4532
11. Complaints
If you feel your privacy has been breached, please contact us using the contact details above, informing us of the circumstances and reasons for your complaint. We will review any complaints and respond to them within a reasonable period of time.
For information about privacy law, privacy principles, or if your concerns are not resolved to your satisfaction, you can contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at www.oaic.gov.au, email - enquiries@oaic.gov.au or call on 1300 363 992.
