Get cash back, miles and more
Earn rewards for the things you buy every day with a BB&T credit card.
Log in to another account
Facts: What does BB&T do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and investment experience
account balances and transaction history
payment history and credit history
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information, the reasons BB&T chooses to share and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does BB&T share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus; or, as permitted by law
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
Call 1-888-800-3420 – our menu will prompt you through your choices.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Who is providing this notice?
This notice is provided by certain specific companies* in the BB&T corporate family, such as banks, consumer finance companies, securities broker-dealers, investment advisors and mortgage companies.
What we do
How does BB&T protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. Our employees are bound by our Code of Ethics and policies to access consumer information only for legitimate business purposes and to keep information about you confidential.
How does BB&T collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
open an account or provide account information
apply for a loan or seek advice about your investments
give us your employment history
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. [See below for more on your rights under state law.]
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include financial companies with BB&T in their name such as McGriff Insurance Services, Inc., BB&T Securities, LLC, and financial companies such as Sterling Capital Management, LLC.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates we share with can include government entities, credit bureaus, insurance companies, companies that perform marketing services on our behalf and companies that assist in servicing your loan(s) or account(s) with us.
Joint marketing
Our joint marketing partners include financial institutions such as insurance companies and financial product or service marketing companies.
Other important information
You may have other privacy protections under some state laws. We will comply with applicable state laws as to information about you, including medical information.
Accounts with California addresses will be treated as if you opted out of joint marketing arrangements.
For Vermont customers. We will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.
*BB&T Companies providing this notice are: BB&T Credit Services, Inc., BB&T Securities, LLC, Branch Banking and Trust Company, Regional Acceptance Corporation.
Disclosures
, Branch Banking and Trust Company. Member FDIC. All Rights Reserved.
