Privacy Statement effective May 12 2016
This is a General Motors Company ("GM") franchised dealership website. When you use this site, this GM dealer, GM and other third parties will have access to personal information you enter on this site and to information about your browsing activities on this site. The role of each such party is explained below, and links to (or information about how to obtain) the applicable privacy policy or privacy statement of each such party are provided on this page.
Please note: this GM dealer is independent of GM and will have its own privacy policy or privacy statement. Please contact the dealer or click on the link at the bottom of this statement for more information on its privacy practices.
COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION BY GM
When you indicate that you would like to receive more information about GM and its products, services or offers, your name, address, city, state, zip code, email address and telephone number will be provided to GM. In addition, if you buy or lease a GM vehicle from this GM dealer, the dealer may share information about your vehicle purchase (such as vehicle identification number (VIN), make, model, model year, date of purchase or lease and service history) with GM as the vehicle manufacturer in accordance with this dealership’s privacy statement provided below. For more information about how GM uses your information, please visit http://www.gm.com/privacy.
INFORMATION DIRECTED TO THIS GM DEALER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
When you indicate that you would like to receive more information about this GM dealer and its products, services or offers, your name, address, city, state and zip code, email address and telephone number is collected by this GM dealer and treated in accordance with this GM dealer’s privacy statement.
When you complete a credit application on this site, the information you submit will be transferred by GM to this GM dealer and to the financial institutions listed on the credit application to allow such financial institutions to evaluate your credit eligibility on behalf of this GM dealer. The information you provide on your credit application will not be retained, stored or used by GM other than to transfer such information to this GM dealer and such financial institutions. The information you provide on your credit application will be treated in accordance with this GM dealer’s and such applicable financial institution(s)’ privacy statements. Please review this GM dealer’s privacy statement and the financial institutions’ privacy statement for more information on their respective privacy practices.
USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING DEVICES BY THIRD PARTIES
Cookies placed or recognized on your computer’s website browser by third-party advertising companies on this or other websites are used in conjunction with web beacons at this website to evaluate online advertising or to tailor promotions and other marketing messages to you.
At this time, this website does not currently honor do no track signals from a website browser. However, you may refuse or delete cookies. Please refer to your browser Help instructions to learn more about cookies and other technologies and how to manage their use. If you elect to refuse or delete cookies, you will need to repeat this process if you use another computer, or change browsers. If you choose to decline cookies, some of the functionality of a website may be impaired.
This website adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (www.AboutAds.info). If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising or content from us while visiting this website, you may click on the AdChoices icon located at the bottom of the web site page or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Opt-Out page www.AboutAds.info/choices.
Opting out of relevant advertising will not opt you out of all advertising, but rather only those advertisements that are personalized to you based on your interests and browsing activities.
LINKED SITES
This website may contain links to third-party sites not controlled by GM or covered by this Privacy Statement, such as those belonging to an independent product review site (i.e. Kelly Blue Book). We recommend that you check the Privacy Statement of other sites you visit before providing any personal information on those other sites.
CHANGES TO THESE PRIVACY POLICIES OR STATEMENTS
Any changes to the treatment of personal information collected on this site will be governed by the Privacy Statement or Policy of the collecting entity. Please review such collecting entity’s individual Privacy Policy or Statement for changes.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 12 2016
