If you want to pay your bill, please visit Dillards.com/payonline.
Frequently Asked Questions
Below is a list of the questions most frequently asked by our customers. Select for details.
If you don't find the answer below, please contact us .
Gift Registry Frequently Asked Questions
Click HERE for FAQs relating to our Gift Registry.
Policies & Notices
Below is a list of our policies and notices. Select for details.
Product Recalls
You can visit the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) at www.cpsc.gov for more information on recalls.
Q. Do I have to pay shipping?
A. Orders $150 and over delivered to addresses in the Continental United States qualify for Free Standard Shipping on non-additional clearance sale days. Customers paying with a Dillard’s Credit Card or Dillard’s American Express Card will receive free shipping on orders over $150 on additional clearance sale days. Orders requesting Expedited or Next Business Day service and ordered before 12PM CST are shipped the same day (Monday through Friday). Expedited or Next Business Day orders placed on Friday after 12PM CST , Saturday, Sunday or a holiday will be shipped the following business day. You can expect delivery within two business days for Expedited and one business day for Next Business Day service after shipping. Expedited shipping and Next Business Day shipping are not available for P.O. Box, APO / FPO addresses, Alaska, Hawaii, or to U.S. Territories. Shipping charges are calculated for each address and are based on the order amount being shipped to that address. The following charges will apply to your order:
CONTINENTAL U.S.
ORDER AMOUNT
ORDER AMOUNT
Not Available
Not Available
*Free Standard Shipping on orders of $150 and over are available on non-additional clearance sale days. Customers paying with a Dillard’s Credit Card or Dillard’s American Express Card will receive free shipping on orders over $150 on additional clearance sale days.
Items, including certain electronics that are very large or fragile may include an additional shipping charge. Items in a multi-item order may be shipped separately and from different locations.
Gift Cards are shipped U.S. Mail at no charge for Standard delivery. There is an $8.50 charge for Expedited delivery and an $20.00 charge for Next Business Day delivery.
Dillard's does not ship fragrances, aerosols, and alcohol based products via Expedited delivery, Next Business Day delivery or to P.O. boxes, military facilities or outside the continental United States. Please select Standard delivery for the shipment of these items.
Q. Do you ship to APO / FPO addresses?
A. Yes, we do ship to APO / FPO addresses. However, due to restrictions at those postal facilities, we are unable to ship oversized or heavy items. We also cannot offer Expedited or Next Business Day shipping to these locations. Please allow 2-8 weeks for delivery.
Q. How soon will I receive my order?
A.Processing time for in stock items is approximately two business days. Standard delivery is two to five business days; Expedited delivery is two business days; Next Business Day delivery is one business day. Delivery times do not include processing time. If the item is not in stock, you will receive an email to notify you.
Q. How will my order ship?
A. Our service providers are FedEx and USPS. The carrier will be determined by the service available for your "ship to" location and the method of delivery (Standard, Expedited or Next Business Day) you select. When your order ships, you will receive an email that includes the name of the carrier and a tracking number. You will also receive an email when your purchase has been delivered. For more information about shipping, please refer to our Shipping Policy.
Returns
Q. What if I need to return an item?
A. Items purchased on Dillards.com can be returned to the Internet Store location (address below) or to any Dillard's store (excluding Clearance Centers). Electronic items must be returned in the original packing material from the manufacturer. The return shipping address is:
   Dillard's Direct
   600 Carnahan Drive
   Maumelle, AR 72113
Please be aware that you will be responsible for return shipping charges. If you wish to print a Return Label, click Check Order Status at the bottom of any page to find your order information. For additional information, please refer to our Online Return Policy .
Q. What if I need to return a gift purchased in a Dillard's store?
A. If you are not near one of our stores, send an email to questions@dillards.com . Please include the location of the store where your gift was purchased if you have this information. Also, include a phone number where you can be reached. We will forward this information to the store where your gift was purchased so that they can contact you to assist with the exchange or return.
Orders
Q. How can I check on my order?
A. If you provide your email address when you place your order, we will automatically notify you when we receive your order. We will send updates as to the status of each item on your order, and notify you when your order ships. You can also check on the status of your order online. Click Check Order Status here or at the bottom of any page and enter your order number and billing phone number to view details of a specific order. To see a list of all orders placed, click Check Order Status and log in with your email address and password. You can also view purchase history via Payment History in the MY DILLARD's dropdown at the top of any page. You can click on a specific order to view details. If you have questions about your order, contact us or call 1-800-Dillards (1-800-345-5273). We provide a reference number on our status emails and online in Order Status that can be used to track your order once it has been shipped.
Q. What if I need to cancel my order?
A. We can cancel your order if we receive your request prior to shipping it. Once your order has shipped, it cannot be canceled, but it can be returned to us or to any Dillard's store location. To cancel an order, call 1-800-Dillards (1-800-345-5273) to speak with a customer service representative.
Q. Do you offer Gift Wrap?
A. Yes. Wedding Registry purchases are packaged in a complimentary gift box. For all other purchases, we will place each item you specify in a gift box for $6 per item.
Q. What types of payment do you accept for online purchases?
A. We accept the following payment types: Dillard's Credit Card, Dillard's American Express Card, Gift Card/eGift Card, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover. We can only accept one credit card type and number per order and only cards issued in the U.S.A. However, we do accept Gift Card(s) in combination with a Dillard's Credit Card.
Q. How do I contact the Dillard's Call Center and what are their hours?
A. Call 1-800-Dillards (1-800-345-5273). Dillard's Call Center hours are: Monday through Saturday 7AM to 12AM (CST) , Sunday 9AM to 7PM (CST) .
Q. Do I have to pay tax on my order?
A. Sales tax is applied to your order, based on the order's "ship to" address, in accordance with the jurisdiction's laws. Be advised that some states require a tax on the delivery and/or gift wrap charges, as well.
Shopping
Q. How do I place an order online?
A. First, you will need to add the item you wish to purchase to your shopping cart and proceed to checkout. If you wish to purchase a registry gift, click Wedding and Baby Registry at the bottom of any page.
Q. How do I create a Dillards.com account?
A. You can create a Dillards.com account by clicking on any of the following links:
LOGIN at the top of any page
During the checkout process
Q. Are you required to have a Dillards.com account to purchase on your site?
A. No, you do not. You can shop as frequently as you like as a "guest customer", but we hope that you will choose to create a Dillards.com account. The benefits include: Quick Checkout, Wish Lists, Managing eGift Cards and Purchase History / Order Tracking.
Q. What if I forget my password or need to reset it?
A. If you forget your password, you will need to reset it. To do this, click on the Forgot Your Password? link at any location where you log in.
After clicking the link, proceed by entering your email address that is on file with Dillards.com and submit the form. Please submit the form only ONCE and wait for the password reset email to be sent to you.
If you have not received the email after 15 minutes, please verify you entered your email address correctly and submit the form again. Note that if you do not have a Dillards.com account, one can be created by clicking Create An Account .
Once you have received the reset password email, proceed by clicking the link in the email. If you have reset your password multiple times you MUST use the link in the most recent email.
Once you are on the reset password page, enter a new, valid password. Valid passwords include: 8-16 characters, at least one lower case letter, at least one upper case letter and at least one number. Note that this page is intended for resetting your password and other page functions may not work normally.
Please contact us if you are still having trouble resetting your password after completing these steps.
Q. How do I change my Dillards.com account profile?
A. You can do this any time by clicking LOGIN at the top of page. After you enter your login information, click My Personal Information and/or My Quick Checkout Profile from the MY DILLARD'S drop down menu.
In Store Pickup
A.Yes, we offer pickup in store and ship to store.
Q. What is the benefit of In Store Pickup?
A. Some of the benefits include:
There is no Shipping Fee for orders purchased online and picked up in store.
Depending on the availability and time the order is placed, you may pick up your merchandise in store within three hours of placing your order.
Q. How do I know if an item is available for In Store Pickup?
A. The option will display on the shipping page for merchandise available for In Store Pickup.
Q. How do I select my pickup location?
A. You will select your location from a list of States/Cities/Stores.
Q. When will I be charged for the merchandise?
A. You will be charged for the merchandise when you receive the email that your merchandise is ready to be picked up or when the merchandise is shipped from the warehouse.
Q. Is there a delivery fee for merchandise picked up in store?
A. No.
Q. What happens if I place an order for in store pickup when the store is closed?
A. When the merchandise is available for pick up, you will be notified via email and can pick up your order during regular store hours.
Q. If the merchandise I select for in store pickup is not available at my preferred store, can it be shipped to that store for pickup?
A. Yes. You will be notified when the merchandise is available for pick up (typically between 3-5 business days).
Q. How do I know when the merchandise is ready to be picked up?
A.You will receive an email when the merchandise is ready to be picked up.
Q. Where do I go in the store to pick up my merchandise?
A. Your merchandise will be in the Customer Service/Gift Wrap area of your pickup store.
Q. What do I need to pick up my merchandise in store?
A. You will need the email you received stating the merchandise is ready to be picked up. There will be a barcode on the email that will be scanned in the store.
Q. How long do I have to pick up my merchandise?
A. Merchandise will be available for pickup for 24 days, after which it will be credited and returned to stock.
Q. Can I cancel an In Store Pickup order?
A. You can not cancel the order but you will be able to return the merchandise.
Q. How do I return merchandise purchased for In Store Pickup?
A. Merchandise can be returned to any Dillard's location.
Q. Can I use a reward coupon when purchasing merchandise for In Store Pickup?
A. Yes, you can use your reward coupon when checking out on Dillards.com.
Q. What are the restrictions on orders placed for In Store Pickup ?
A. Most items on Dillards.com are available for pickup in store. See restrictions below:
The orders must total $50 or more (the only exception is cosmetic merchandise, which can be less than $50).
The order cannot include a Gift Card.
Merchandise cannot be more than 40% off the original price.
All orders for china and stemware will be shipped from the warehouse to the store for pickup.
The order cannot contain items shipped directly from the vendor.
The In Store Pickup option isn't available for customers shopping on Dillards.com International site.
Q.What if an item becomes unavailable in store after my order is placed?
A. You will receive an email with your options.
Dillard's Credit Card
Q. How can I learn more about the Dillard's Credit Cards and Dillard's Rewards Program?
A. To learn more about the Dillard's Credit Cards/Dillard's Rewards Program, please visit Dillards.com/Rewards .
Dillard's Reward Program
Q. What is the Dillard's Rewards Program?
A. The Dillard's Rewards Program is a points-based program that allows you to choose either a 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass that is good for one day or a $10 Rewards Certificate each time you earn 1,500 Rewards Points.1
Dillard's Credit Cardmembers and Dillard's American Express Cardmembers earn 2 Rewards Points for every dollar spent in net purchases at Dillard's.1 Dillard's American Express Cardmembers also earn 2 Rewards Points for every dollar spent in net purchases at qualifying U.S. gas stations and U.S. supermarkets,2 as well as 1 Rewards Point for every dollar spent in net purchases everywhere else American Express is accepted.1
With a 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass, you can use the pass to save 10% on all Dillard's merchandise you purchase with your Dillard's Card on the day of your choice.1 With a $10 Rewards Certificate, you can take $10 off a Dillard's Card purchase.1
1Rewards Points are earned on net purchases (purchases minus returns and adjustments) only. Certain transactions do not earn Rewards Points. Shopping Passes and Rewards Certificates have some limitations and exclusions, which will be disclosed on the passes/certificates at the time of issuance. Purchases subject to available credit limit.
2Two Rewards Points are earned per dollar spent on net purchases at: (1) U.S. retailers whose merchant code for American Express is classified as gas station and automated fuel dispensers (gas purchases at warehouse/membership clubs, grocery stores, car washes, auto repair stores, and superstores that sell gasoline may not earn two points); (2) at U.S. retailers whose merchant code for American Express is classified as U.S. supermarkets or grocery stores (purchases at superstores, convenience stores, and warehouse clubs are not coded as supermarkets). For all other purchases, one Rewards Point is earned per dollar spent in net purchases. Wells Fargo does not have the ability to control how a merchant is classified and therefore reserves the right to determine which purchases qualify for two Rewards Points. Certain transactions do not earn points.
Q. How do I receive and redeem Dillard's Rewards Shopping Passes or Dillard's Rewards Certificates?
A. Dillard's Cardmembers will receive a 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass or a $10 Rewards Certificate for every 1,500 Rewards Points earned.1 You may earn no more than four Rewards Certificates or one 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass issued per statement. There will be a maximum of 48 Rewards Certificates or 12 Rewards Shopping Passes issued per account, per calendar year. Rewards are issued within one to two billing cycles after the 1,500 points threshold is met and will be sent to you with your monthly billing statement.
10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes are valid for 10% off a total day's purchases at Dillard's when you use your Dillard's Card.1 10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes must be presented at time of purchase to receive the offer and the discount will be taken at the time of the transaction. You may redeem your 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass only at Dillard's store locations, on Dillards.com purchases, by phone through Dillard's, or on purchases made through Dillard's catalogs. The 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass must be used by the expiration date shown on the 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass. You cannot redeem multiple 10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes on a single day. 10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes cannot be combined with any non-sale related promotional offer. 10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes cannot be used for prior purchases, credited to an account, redeemed for cash, used in conjunction with any other form of payment, or used for purchasing gift cards.
With a $10 Rewards Certificate, you receive $10 off a Dillard's Card purchase at Dillard's.1 Rewards Certificates must be presented at the time of purchase for a transaction to receive the offer, and the discount will be taken at the time of the transaction. You may only redeem your Rewards Certificate at Dillard's store locations, on Dillards.com purchases, by phone through Dillard's, or on purchases made through Dillard's catalogs, and by the expiration date shown on the Rewards Certificate. You can redeem multiple Rewards Certificates on a single transaction. Rewards Certificates cannot be combined with any non-sale related promotional offer. Rewards Certificates cannot be used for prior purchases, credited to an account, redeemed for cash, used in conjunction with any other form of payment, or used for purchasing gift cards. The value of the purchase must be equal to, or greater than, the value of the Rewards Certificate. If the value of a purchase is less than the value of the Rewards Certificate, any remaining unused value will be forfeited.
1 Rewards Points are earned on net purchases (purchases minus returns and adjustments) only. Certain transactions do not earn Rewards Points. Shopping Passes and Rewards Certificates have some limitations and exclusions, which will be disclosed on the passes/certificates at the time of issuance. Purchases subject to available credit limit. See Dillard's Rewards Program Terms and Conditions for details.
Q. How do I reach Elite Member status? What are the benefits of being an Elite Cardmember?
A. Shop your way to Elite Member status and maintain that status by charging $2,000 or more each calendar year1 on your Dillard's Credit Card or Dillard's American Express Card.
Dillard's Elite Cardmembers are entitled to a number of benefits:
Free Standard shipping for purchases on Dillards.com and gift wrapping benefits (up to $16.95 for each service)2
Monthly bonus Rewards Point offers3
Invitations to private shopping events
Dedicated customer service phone number
1 To achieve and maintain Elite status, you must charge $2,000 or more in net purchases (purchases minus returns and adjustments) on your Dillard's Card each calendar year. You must also keep your account open and be no more than two consecutive payments past due. The Elite benefits listed are for the current year and are subject to change in subsequent years. See the Dillard's Rewards Program Terms and Conditions for details.
2 Standard shipping (on Dillards.com purchases) and gift wrapping (on Dillard's in-store and Dillards.com purchases) benefits are available on each transaction.
3 Any such promotion(s) or offer(s) may have specific terms and conditions that will be disclosed at the time of the promotion or offer.
Gift Cards
Q. Do you have Gift Cards?
A. Gift Cards are for sale on Dillards.com as well as in all of our store locations. Our online Gift Card selection can be accessed by clicking Gift Cards at the bottom of any page. You can also click on Store Locator at the bottom of any page to find the store nearest you. Gift Cards are available online in amounts from $10 to $1000.
Q. Where can I use my Gift Card?
A. You can use your Gift Card for purchases in any of our stores or on Dillards.com. You cannot use a Gift Card to purchase a Gift Card or eGift Card.
Q. How can I find out the balance on my Gift Card?
A. You can click here to check your balance online, call 1-800-Dillards (1-800-345-5273), or ask any store associate for assistance.
Q. How can I report a Gift Card lost or stolen?
A. You can call 1-800-Dillards (1-800-345-5273) or contact any Dillard's store to report a lost or stolen Gift Card. In either case, you must have the Gift Card number.
Q. Can you accept a gift card without a PIN?
A. For your security, we can only accept gift cards with a PIN.
Q. What if my gift card does not have a PIN?
A. If your card doesn’t have a PIN, we’ll gladly replace it for you.
Q. How do I replace my gift card if it does not have a PIN?
A. To replace your card with your available balance you may either:
Bring your card to customer service at your nearest Dillard’s store, and we’ll replace it while you’re there.
Mail your card to (Dillard's P.O. Box 486 2nd Floor Little Rock, AR 72203 Attn: Card Exchange) and we’ll send you a new card within 3 business days.
eGift Cards
Q. Do you sell Electronic Gift Cards?
A. Yes and they are available for sale on Dillards.com. Our eGift Card selection can be accessed by clicking Gift Cards at the bottom of any page. eGift cards are available in amounts from $10 to $250. eGift Cards will be emailed within 24-48 hours and are subject to credit approval/authorization.
Q. Where can eGift Cards be used?
A. You can use your eGift Card on Dillards.com at checkout or print it and use it for purchases in any of our stores. The card must be activated before using it. You cannot use an eGift Card to purchase an eGift Card or Gift Card.
Q. How do I activate an eGift Card I receive?
A. After receiving the email announcing your eGift Card:
Click the Activate button in the email.
If you have a Dillards.com account, enter your personal information and log in.
If you do not have an account, click Create an Account and enter your personal information.
You must have a Dillards.com account to redeem an eGift Card. eGift Card funds will automatically apply to your account once you log in to your Dillards.com account. You can see your eGift Cards by clicking Manage eGift Cards from the MY DILLARD'S dropdown menu.
Q. When I use an eGift Card to make a purchase, and then return that purchase, why is my balance put on a traditional gift card rather than my eGift card?
A. Company policy is that the value of the returning eGift Card purchases must always be placed on traditional gift cards.
Q. What is the PIN used for that is located on the printed version of my eGift Card?
A. The PIN on your printed eGift Card will only be necessary if someone other than yourself uses the gift card to make a purchase online.
Q. How can I find out the balance of my eGift Card?
A. You can click here to check your balance online, call 1-800-Dillards (1-800-345-5273) or an associate at any store can give you that information.
Store Location
Q. How do I find the Dillard's store closest to me?
A. Click Store Locator at the bottom of any page. Click a state to find stores closest to you.
Our Company
Q. Is Dillard's affiliated with any other retail companies?
A. We are not affiliated with any other retailers and all of our 300 plus store locations do business as Dillard's. We have acquired several other retail chains over the years, but all of them are now Dillard's stores.
Q. What is Dillard's Stock Symbol?
A. Dillard's stock is traded over the New York Stock Exchange. The ticker symbol is DDS .
Q. What is the address and phone number of the corporate office?
A. Our corporate offices are located in Little Rock, Arkansas.
Corporate Headquarters Address:
  1600 Cantrell Road
Q. What if I have a question or need information?
A. If you have a question or need information not included in our Frequently Asked Questions, you can email us at questions@dillards.com . We try to answer all inquiries within 24 hours.
Career Opportunities
Q. How can I find out about Career Opportunities with Dillard's?
A. Dillard's Stores, Distribution Centers, Buying Offices, and the Corporate Headquarters post their job openings on the Dillard's Career web site (careers.dillards.com). You can click on Dillard's Careers at the bottom of any page to view our openings or visit any store and complete an application. You must be at least 18 years of age to apply. We are an EEOC employer.
Catalogs
Q. What if I am allergic to fragrance strips in catalogs and statement enclosures?
A. Send an email to questions@dillards.com letting us know that you do not wish to receive the fragrance strips. Our Marketing Department will remove them for you.
eReceipts
Q. Can I see my receipts electronically without getting them sent by email?
A. If you are a registered shopper on Dillards.com, you can click MY DILLARD'S at the top of any page (while logged in), and then click My Purchase History. Recent purchases displays Web Orders (pending and completed) and Store Orders (made at a Dillard's store). Click on the transaction number to see a copy of the receipt.
Alterations
Q. Does Dillards.com offer alterations?
A. Dillards.com does not offer alterations. However, all stores offer alteration services - just ask any associate in tailored clothing for details.
Q. What type of alterations are available in stores?
A. Dillards's offers free alterations on full priced tailored items and unfinished pant bottoms. There is a fee required for all tailored items that are on sale and anything ready-to-wear. Ready-to-wear is limited to the following: coats - sleeves; pant bottoms - plain/cuff; and skirts/dresses - hem, sleeves and straps. For more information regarding our alteration services, contact your nearest store.
Registry Frequently Asked Questions
Q. Why register with Dillard’s?
A. It's a great gift to give your wedding guests! It eliminates the guesswork and worry for the ones you love. It assures your family and friends they are giving you a gift you'll cherish.
Q. What items should we include on our registry?
A. Register for items that you want and need based on your lifestyle. Think about adding items that you will use not just now, but years from now. Use our wedding registry checklist to make sure you have checked off all the essentials.
Q. Is it best to stay within a particular price range for requested items?
A. Register for items in every price range. The budgets of your guests will vary and you want everyone to have multiple options. Don’t forget to register for a few items you can receive from a group.
Q. If we register online, can we update our registry in store?
A. Yes, just let an associate in the home department know you would like to update your registry.
Q. If we registered in store, can we update online?
A. Yes! You can add and delete items on your registry on Dillards.com by logging in to your registry. If you need help logging in, please contact 1-800-345-5273.
Q. How long will our registry be available?
A. Your registry will be available for 18 months after your event date. Please be sure to update your mailing/shipping address if there are any changes during this time.
Q. Do you have a Registry Completion program?
A. Yes! Our completion program allows you to purchase most of the remaining items on your registry at 20% off the regular everyday low price. Offer available in store only, contact a store associate for details.
Q. What about Shipping & Delivery?
A. Every registry must have a delivery friendly address within the United States. Extra shipping charges apply on gifts sent to Alaska, Hawaii, and U.S. Territories. Please update your shipping address before and after your events so gifts will be delivered right where you want them. Dillard's uses USPS and FedEx, determined by the service offered in your 'ship-to' area and the method of delivery (standard or expedited) the customer selects.
Many dinnerware and stemware patterns are stocked in our Distribution Center. After the order is processed, on hand items should be delivered within 7 to 10 working days while other items will be ordered from the manufacturer. Your registry will indicate items that will be ordered from the manufacturer.
Keep in mind that many of the fine products you register for are handmade and can take from 12 to 16 weeks to receive. Many of the specialty items are only made once or twice a year. You will receive a gift announcement card in the mail with shipping status when manufacturer ordered items have been purchased for you.
Guests may order multiple items that we "split" and ship separately from different locations with part of the merchandise to follow at a later date. Save the paperwork that comes with your deliveries and check it against your Gift Announcement cards or emails. Your saved paperwork will help us answer any questions you might have.
Q. What is Dillard’s Exchange Policy?
A. After your wedding day contact a Dillard's store within 30 days to make exchanges. It's a good idea to make an appointment so we can provide you with the best possible service. When you arrive, let us know if you need assistance with heavy or multiple items.
Dillard's does NOT refund cash for registry returns. It is our policy to refund cash ONLY if the customer has a Dillard's cash receipt. If you have a store credit left after your exchanges, we will issue the amount on a Dillard's Gift Card for you to use to purchase merchandise in any Dillard's store or online. A Registry Gift Card cannot be used as a payment or applied to your Dillard's account or any other charge account.
Proof of purchase or POP labels accompany every item sold to help us track sales, returns and exchanges. Items purchased in store have the yellow label physically attached. Items sent from our distribution centers have the POP information on the packing insert. Leave the POP label on or with the item until you complete all exchanges. Identification may be required to facilitate some exchanges.
If you have any questions or need assistance with a damaged item call 1-800-345-5273. Please keep any shipping and packing information to help with replacements.
Q. Where can I find my Gift Purchase History?
A. Your Gift Purchase History is located in your Online Management Center. It includes a list of the items purchased through your registry, the date of purchase, and in most cases the name of the purchaser. Use your Gift Purchase History to manage those all-important Thank You notes Viewing is completely optional. Purchased items are updated to this list daily. You may prefer to access your Gift Purchase History only after all gifts are opened.
Q. Do I have to add gift cards to my registry?
A. It's not necessary to add gift cards to your registry; we've done it for you!
Q. Do I need a Dillards.com account for my registry?
A. A Dillards.com account must be created before creating or managing your registry.
International Sales FAQ
Dillard's offers international shopping through our partnership with global e-commerce provider Borderfree. By placing an international order, you acknowledge that your financial transaction and shipment will be processed by Borderfree. Your customer service needs will be handled directly by Dillard's.
Borderfree allows local currency prices to be visible throughout Dillards.com and displays your final total (including customs tariffs, taxes and shipping fees) during checkout. Borderfree also enables Dillard's to take advantage of a shipping network that delivers packages quickly and reliably to global customers
Product Recalls
You can visit the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) at www.cpsc.gov for more information on recalls.
Payment Methods
We accept Visa, MasterCard, Paypal and American Express for international orders. Payment options may vary based on the selected currency and country. Proceed to checkout to view all payment options. Your credit card will be billed by Borderfree when your package is shipped to its final international destination. 'Dillards inc' will appear on your credit card statement.
Shipping Options & Charges
International shipping costs are calculated based on a number of factors, including the chosen service level (Standard/Express), the number of purchased items, the weight of the items and the destination country postal code. During checkout, international shipping costs will be calculated and guaranteed by Borderfree based on the items you are purchasing and your shipping destination.
International customers may ship to multiple addresses by placing a separate order for each shipping address. We cannot ship single international orders to multiple addresses at this time.
Shipping Timeline
Most in-stock items will arrive 6 -16 business days after receipt of your order. A shipping timeline specific to your destination can be viewed in checkout.
Please note items purchased on January 1st may be delayed. Shipping windows are estimates and delivery dates cannot be guaranteed.
Certain items in our catalog may be unavailable for international shipping
Some items, including hazardous materials, furs and exotic leathers, may not be available for international shipment. Beauty items may be considered hazardous materials due to their alcohol content.
How to Order
Select the International Country Flag at the bottom of any page and choose your shipping destination and preferred currency. All Dillard's prices will automatically be converted into your chosen currency.
Shop Dillards.com as you normally would. When you proceed to checkout, your secure transaction will be completed with Borderfree. Borderfree will calculate and display a guaranteed order total, including all shipping costs and any applicable duties and taxes.
Once your transaction is complete, Dillard's will ship your item to the Borderfree shipping hub in the United States. Borderfree then ships your order to its final, international destination.
You may ship to a specific country but pay with a different country's currency. If you don't see your country listed, we are not currently able to ship to that destination.
If you are shipping to a U.S. or an APO / FPO address, simply proceed through the domestic site.
I live in the U.S. Can I use Borderfree to ship an order internationally but pay in U.S. Dollars (USD)?
Yes, Borderfree supports international gift giving. You will receive a guaranteed order total for your internationally shipped items, but pay in USD using a U.S. credit card. This also works if you're an American traveling or living abroad.
How much does international shipping cost?
International shipping is calculated based on a number of factors including the desired shipping speed, the number of items you are purchasing, the weight of the items and the destination country. International shipping will be calculated and guaranteed during the Borderfree global checkout based on the items you are purchasing and your shipping destination.
How can I track my international order?
You can track the progress of your international package(s) here: Track International Orders .
Who should I contact if I have questions relating to my order after I have made a purchase?
Please contact us at internationalsales@dillards.com or 817-831-5482 and Dillard's will gladly assist you with any questions related to your international order. Dillard's Call Center Hours are: Monday through Saturday 7AM to 12AM (GMT-6), Sunday 9AM to 7PM (GMT-6).
How much duty and taxes are charged on international orders?
Duty (or customs tariffs) is set by the destination country customs authorities and is determined based on a combination of the country of origin (manufacturing) of the goods being purchased and the classification of that merchandise in accordance with a harmonized system adopted and used by the countries that Borderfree supports. Value Added Tax (VAT) rates are set by the destination country. You will be able to view the guaranteed total amount of applicable duty and tax/VAT for your order within the Borderfree global checkout.
Can I purchase or redeem international gift cards?
Unfortunately, we do not currently support the sale of gift cards to international customers or the redemption of gift cards for internationally shipped orders.
What is your return policy for international orders?
If for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please contact us at internationalsales@dillards.com or 817-831-5482, and we will provide you with further instructions on where returns should be shipped and the amount you will be refunded. Refund amounts for returned items will be credited to you by our partner Borderfree in the same currency and using the same exchange rate as your original order.
Returns must be made within 45 days of purchase. Unfortunately, items purchased for international shipping may not be exchanged.
Company Notices & Terms of Use
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
California Transparency in Supply Chain Act Statement 2010
The following describes Dillard's efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from its direct supply chains. Among other measures, Dillard's:
Engages in verification of product supply chains for products imported by Dillard's to evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details. Dillard's utilizes third party inspectors to ensure compliance with Dillard's Social Accountability Policy.
Conducts audits of suppliers of products imported by Dillard's to evaluate supplier compliance with company standards for trafficking and slavery in supply chains. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.
Requires direct suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into the product comply with the laws regarding slavery and human trafficking of the country or countries in which they are doing business. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy which is applicable to import vendors. Dillard's requires all vendors, pursuant to its purchase order terms, to warrant, represent and agree that all merchandise shipped to Dillard's was manufactured and produced in full compliance with any applicable current, or later adopted, laws of the country of manufacturer governing the use of child labor, illegal forced labor, illegal prison labor or similar illegal working conditions, as well as any other applicable human rights statutes, regulations and laws.
Maintains internal accountability standards and procedures for employees or contractors failing to meet company standards regarding slavery and human trafficking for imported products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.
Provides company employees and management, who have direct responsibility for import supply chain management, training on human trafficking and slavery, risks within the supply chains of products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.
Copyright Notice
The entire contents of this site are the sole and exclusive property of Dillard's, Inc. and are subject to United States and worldwide laws and treaties restricting the copy, distribution, publishing and transmission of same. No portion of this site may be copied, distributed, published or transmitted without the express written consent of Dillard's, Inc. Users of this site may download and print materials from this site for personal, non-commercial use related to placement of an order or shopping with Dillard's, provided that any such copy must contain this notice.
All of this web site's content and supporting code are copyrighted by or licensed to Dillard's, Inc. and all rights are reserved. All content copies, either electronic or printed, are for personal use only. The content and supporting code contained herein may not be used in any other manner unless express written permission is obtained in advance.
Dillards.com Privacy Policy
Dillard's understands that online and mobile privacy is very important to you. We have adopted this Privacy Policy as part of our commitment to your privacy. The terms "we", "us", and "our" refer to Dillard's Inc. and its affiliated companies.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we obtain via Dillards.com (referred to hereafter as the Site). Please note that the Privacy Policy applies only to your interactions with us through the Site. It does not apply to interactions through our retail stores, or to your use of a Dillard's Card. A separate Privacy Notice, administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., pertains to your Dillard's Credit Card and Dillard's American Express® Card. For that Privacy Notice, click here . When you use your Dillard's Credit Card or Dillard's American Express® Card on the Site, this Privacy Notice fully applies to your usage of the Site. Additionally, when using the Site you may submit product reviews. We currently use a company called PowerReviews for product reviews. Your submission of reviews is governed by a separate privacy policy maintained by PowerReviews. A link to that policy is provided on the screen from which you submit your review, but you can also review it here . Also, if you click the Dillard's Careers link on the bottom of any Dillards.com page to search for Dillard's jobs, you will be directed to job listings on the Dillard's Career web site (careers.dillards.com). Your submission of information and the collection of information from you through the use of the Dillard's Career web site is governed by the privacy policy of Dillards.com.
1. What information We Obtain
When you use the Site, we may obtain personally identifiable information from you which you give us -- such as your name, physical address, email address, telephone number, account number - as well as any information you may submit through product reviews, the Feedback function, or email. We may also collect personally identifiable information about you from third parties, such as demographic or marketing firms to improve our marketing efforts, or fraud prevention companies. Additionally, when you use the Site, we obtain information automatically, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address and other information about the device you are using to access the Site, including browser information, Internet Service Provider (ISP), operating system, and your location.
2. How We Use Information We Obtain
We use the information we obtain from your use of the Site to conduct our business and to market products and services to you. If you order from the Site, we may send you emails and notices about your order and about other merchandise and services that we think may be of interest to you. We may also share information we obtain with other members of the Dillard's corporate family. We do not sell or rent the information we obtain. If you want to opt out of getting promotional emails from Dillard's, see Section 5 below. We also use the information we obtain for other business purposes, such as payment processing, analytics, fraud prevention, and legal compliance.
3. How We Share Information We Obtain
We may disclose the information we obtain with service providers that perform marketing, promotional and other services for us. Service providers who perform marketing services on our behalf are required by us to use personally identifiable information we share only to help us to provide you with products and services from Dillard's. We may also provide information to carefully selected outside companies for the purpose of jointly marketing a product or service to you. We may share information about aggregate shopping histories and demographics with consultants and others for purposes such as analyzing sales, website performance, retail trends and marketing, but such information does not identify you or any other individual.
We also share information with other companies which provide us with services we use to conduct our business operations, including product recommendations and fraud prevention. We may also share information when we believe that it is required by law or necessary to operate our business (e.g., to our attorneys, auditors, or accountants), to protect your rights, to protect our rights, or to protect the rights of others. We may also disclose the information we obtain to any company which may in the future acquire Dillard's or a portion of its business.
4. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technology
A "cookie" is a small data file stored by your web browser on your device. It allows the Site to recognize your device upon entering the Site. We use cookies to keep track of when you return to the Site, to identify the pages you click on during your visit to the Site, and the name of the site you visited immediately before visiting the Site. We use information obtained via cookies to improve and secure the Site, including improving our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions; to prevent fraud; and to provide you with product recommendations. Such recommendations may be presented to you on other sites you visit, including social network sites such as Facebook. You can disable and delete cookies through your web browser. However, you will not be able to make purchases on the Site if you disable cookies.
We use Google Analytics to compile information collected via cookies in a manner which is helpful to us in analyzing visitors' use of the Site. Google Analytics also uses this information to place advertisements for our products on other sites that you visit after your use of the Site. These advertisements may be based upon the pages you visited during your use of the Site. You may opt out of Google Analytics' use of your browsing history information in this manner at any time by visiting Google's Ad Preferences Manager You may also choose to install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on , which if installed will prevent Google Analytics from using information obtained from your use of the Site.
For payment fraud prevention purposes, we use a technology called "Flash Cookies." A Flash Cookie is a data file placed on your device using Adobe Flash technology that may be installed on your computer or downloaded by you to your computer. Flash cookies are not deleted from your browser when you delete cookies through your browser's delete cookies function, and are not disabled by disabling cookies through your browser's disable cookies function. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash Cookies, click here . Additionally, for payment fraud prevention purposes we use a technology called HTML5 local storage technology. HTML 5 web storage is similar to a cookie in that it stores data on your device's web browser for collection of information. HTML5 local storage on your device may not in all cases be deleted or disabled by deleting or disabling cookies through your browser's delete and disable cookies functions.
5. How You Can Opt Out of Promotional Emails
You may access and update your Personal Information and your preferences about receiving promotional emails from Dillard's at any time. To do that:
For Desktop Users on Dillards.com:
Click "Login" at the top of the web page
Enter Email Address, Password, and Security code, then click Login
Click My Personal Information
Uncheck the box for "Send me emails about store specials." Please allow up to ten days for us to process your request.
For Mobile/Tablet Users on Dillards.com:
Select "Login"
Enter Email Address, Password, and Security code, then select Login
Select My Personal Information
Uncheck the box for "Send me emails about store specials"
Select "Submit"
If you "opt out" of receiving promotional emails from us, the only emails you will receive will be (I) about transactions that you initiate (such as to confirm orders you submit on the Site, inform you about your order status, respond to your customer service inquiries and answer any other questions you send us); (II) about matters affecting your Personal Information; and (III) in connection with certain services or promotions for which you have registered, such as our gift registry program.
6. Miscellaneous Information
Changes to this Privacy Policy: We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy, and to apply any changes to previously collected personal information. We urge you to periodically check this Privacy Policy for any changes. The last revised date will change when we make revisions to the policy. All changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise stated in the revision. If you cannot accept the terms of the Privacy Policy, as posted, please do not use the Site.
Do Not Track Header: Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you not be "tracked" online. At this time we do not modify your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast. Data Security: Security of your information is very important to us, and we follow reasonable procedures to protect the information in our possession. However, no security system is perfect, and we accordingly cannot guarantee that a security breach will not occur.
Governing Law, Dispute Jurisdiction: The laws of the State of Arkansas, excluding its choice of law principles, govern all matters arising from or related to the Site, including your access and use, and any Internet transaction between you and us.
Links: Our Site may have links to third party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other web sites. You should review their privacy policies.
Children's Privacy: We do not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age through the Site without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to us through the Site for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete his or her information from our files. Although we permit users to post reviews concerning our products, we do not encourage users to include their full name when posting reviews. If you are under 18, have included your name in a review, and would like Dillard's to remove your name you can contact us at the email address, telephone number, or mailing address below with your request. Please note that even when we remove your name, the removal may not remove the remainder of your post or remove your name from all copies of the post.
Questions?
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy please contact us at:
   Dillard's, Inc.
In-Store Return Policy
We trust you will be satisfied with your Dillard's purchase. However, should you decide the merchandise is not satisfactory, Dillard's return policy is set forth below.
Dillard's will issue a refund in the form and amount of the original tender paid (including sales tax) or Dillard's will issue a Merchandise Credit at the customer's choice, when each of the following conditions has been met: 1. Merchandise will be accepted for return for thirty (30) calendar days from the date of purchase, except as otherwise stated on the face of the receipt or at point of sale; and 2. The merchandise must be in its original, unused condition unless there is a manufacturer's defect; and 3. The merchandise must be accompanied by either the original Dillard's Receipt or the original Dillard's Proof of Purchase Label. Dillard's does not give Price Adjustments. Refunds for check purchases will have a ten (10) day waiting period before a cash or check refund is issued.
Legal Notices - Terms of Use
This web site is owned and operated by Dillard's, Inc at www.dillards.com .
The material contained within this web site is periodically checked for accuracy and is presented without any warranties, either expressed or implied. Dillard's Inc. and its subsidiaries will assume no, and hereby disclaims any, responsibility for any errors or omissions of this web site's content. Dillard's shall not be responsible for any damages incurred as a result of the content or use of this web site.
By using the material at this web site, all users agree to all terms and conditions contained in this web site, which are subject to change without notice, as well as all applicable laws, and do so at their own risk. All changes to this legal notice will be posted to this web site in a timely manner.
Occasionally, orders for an item exceeding our supply are received. If we are unable to fulfill your order, you will be notified and your credit card will not be charged.
Materials contained within this web site are intended for U.S. residents. Any deliveries requested for addresses outside the U.S. are subject to refusal by Dillard's, Inc.
Any link between Dillards.com and any other web site does not constitute an endorsement of the linked site. Dillard's, Inc. does not make and hereby disclaims any warranty as to the content of any other web site linked to Dillards.com. Exercise caution when communicating or interacting with any web site.
Any questions regarding these legal notices may be directed to:
   Dillard's Inc.
   Legal Dept.
Limitation of Liability
This website and all information contained herein are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, express or implied. Dillard's shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or relating to the use by any person of this site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, including damages to hardware or software resulting from use of this site.
Online Return Policy
We trust you will be satisfied with your Dillard's purchase. However, should you decide the merchandise is not satisfactory, Dillard's online return policy is stated below.
The merchandise may be mailed back to us, or returned to any Dillard's location. Please leave all merchandise tags attached. Also, please note that if you choose to mail the merchandise back, you will be responsible for the shipping fees. We recommend that you insure the package and ship via a traceable method. Dillard's offers a return label you can print from your computer and attach to the return package. No refunds are given on shipping and handling charges. Personalized items and clearance items marked down 65% or more cannot be returned.
Address package to:
   600 Carnahan Drive
   Maumelle, AR 72113
Dillard's will issue a refund in the form and amount of the original tender paid (including sales tax) or Dillard's will issue a Gift Card, at the customer's choice, when each of the following conditions has been met: 1. The merchandise must be returned within thirty (30) calendar days from the date of purchase, except as otherwise stated on the face of the packing slip or on the item's product page; and 2. The merchandise must be in its original, unused condition unless there is a manufacturer's defect; and 3. The merchandise must be accompanied by either the original Dillard's Receipt or the original Dillard's Proof of Purchase Label. (Proof of Purchase information is included on the packing slip for all Dillard's Direct orders.)
If the merchandise being returned was purchased using a credit card and we credit your account, the credit will show on the statement you receive after the issuing bank applies the credit.
If you exchange merchandise, your account will be credited for the return and a sale rung for the new merchandise.
If the merchandise being returned was purchased using a Gift Card, that card will be credited if there is a balance on it. If the balance on the card is $0.00 a new Gift Card will be issued for the return amount and mailed to you.
Pricing Policy
Dillard's is committed to offering quality merchandise at fair, competitive prices. In most cases, the Internet prices will reflect store prices. However, there may be some exceptions. Internet sale prices expire at midnight Central time on the date displayed for the item. Prices and sales are subject to change without notice.
Dillard's does not make price adjustments.
Merchandise available through Dillards.com may not be available in all our stores.
Shipping Policy
Our service providers are FedEx and USPS. The carrier is determined by the service available for your
ship to
location and the method of delivery (Standard, Expedited or Next Business Day) you select. Delivery times do not include processing time. Processing time for in stock items is approximately two (2) business days.
If the item is not in stock, you will receive an email to notify you. When your order ships, you will receive an email that includes the name of the carrier and a tracking number. You will also receive an email when your purchase has been delivered.
Standard delivery time is two (2) to five (5) business days after shipping. Orders requesting Expedited service or Next Business Day service, and ordered prior to 12:00 pm central time, are shipped the same day (Monday through Friday). Expedited or Next Business Day orders placed on Friday after 12:00 pm central time, Saturday, Sunday or a Holiday will be shipped the following business day. You can expect delivery in two (2) business days for Expedited service and one (1) business day for Next Business Day service after shipping.
Additional charges will be applied to merchandise shipped to Alaska, Hawaii, and U.S. Territories.
Please allow two (2) to eight (8) weeks for delivery to APO/FPO addresses. However, due to restrictions at APO/FPO postal facilities, we are unable to ship oversized and/or heavy items to APO/FPO addresses. Expedited shipping and Next Business Day shipping are not available for P.O. Box, APO/FPO addresses, Alaska, Hawaii, or U.S.Territories.
Shipping charges are calculated for each address and are based on the order amount being shipped to that address.
The following charges will apply to your order:
CONTINENTAL U.S.
ORDER AMOUNT
ORDER AMOUNT
Not Available
Not Available
*Free Standard Shipping on orders of $150 and over are available on non-additional clearance sale days. Customers paying with a Dillard’s Credit Card or Dillard’s American Express Card will receive free shipping on orders over $150 on additional clearance sale days.
Items, including certain electronics that are very large or fragile may include an additional shipping charge. Items in a multi-item order may be shipped separately and from different locations.
Gift Cards are shipped U.S. Mail at no charge for Standard delivery. There is an $8.50 charge for Expedited delivery and an $20.00 charge for Next Business Day delivery.
Dillard's does not ship fragrances, aerosols, and alcohol based products via Expedited delivery, Next Business Day delivery or to P.O. boxes, military facilities or outside the continental United States. Please select Standard delivery for the shipment of these items.
Our transit map gives the average number of business days required for delivery after shipment.
Submission of Information to Dillard's
Dillard's shall have a permanent, irrevocable license to modify, retransmit, license, distribute, sell or otherwise use in any manner any and all information, including suggestions and ideas, submitted to Dillard's through use of this site, without any obligation to compensate or further notify the person submitting the information of such use.
Any person submitting, posting or displaying any data, text, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags and/or other materials ("Content"), in any media, to Dillard's, whether publicly or privately transmitted, represents, warrants and agree that she is the sole owner of such Content and has the lawful right to submit same for use by Dillard's. Further, any person submitting Content grants to Dillard's a permanent, irrevocable license to modify, retransmit, license, distribute, sell or otherwise use in any manner any and all Content submitted without any obligation to compensate or further notify the person submitting the Content of such use.
Tax Information
Dillard's operates in various states throughout the U.S. Sales tax is applied to your order, based on the order's "ship to" address, in accordance with the jurisdiction's laws. Be advised that some states require a tax on the delivery and/or gift wrap charges, as well. All applicable taxes will be clearly displayed on your order at order completion time.
NOTE: Tax rates are subject to change at any time.
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects the online privacy and personal information of children under 13 years of age. In compliance with this act, Dillard's does not promote online to children, and does not intentionally collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13. Children under the age of 13 must be signed up by their parents and use their parents email address in order to receive email updates.
The Dillard's American Express® Card is issued and administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
This credit card program is issued and administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., pursuant to a license from American Express. American Express is a federally registered service mark of American Express.
Policies & Notices
California Transparency in Supply Chain Act Statement 2010
The following describes Dillard's efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from its direct supply chains. Among other measures, Dillard's:
Engages in verification of product supply chains for products imported by Dillard's to evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details. Dillard's utilizes third party inspectors to ensure compliance with Dillard's Social Accountability Policy.
Conducts audits of suppliers of products imported by Dillard's to evaluate supplier compliance with company standards for trafficking and slavery in supply chains. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.
Requires direct suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into the product comply with the laws regarding slavery and human trafficking of the country or countries in which they are doing business. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy which is applicable to import vendors. Dillard's requires all vendors, pursuant to its purchase order terms, to warrant, represent and agree that all merchandise shipped to Dillard's was manufactured and produced in full compliance with any applicable current, or later adopted, laws of the country of manufacturer governing the use of child labor, illegal forced labor, illegal prison labor or similar illegal working conditions, as well as any other applicable human rights statutes, regulations and laws.
Maintains internal accountability standards and procedures for employees or contractors failing to meet company standards regarding slavery and human trafficking for imported products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.
Provides company employees and management, who have direct responsibility for import supply chain management, training on human trafficking and slavery, risks within the supply chains of products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.
Copyright Notice
The entire contents of this site are the sole and exclusive property of Dillard's, Inc. and are subject to United States and worldwide laws and treaties restricting the copy, distribution, publishing and transmission of same. No portion of this site may be copied, distributed, published or transmitted without the express written consent of Dillard's, Inc. Users of this site may download and print materials from this site for personal, non-commercial use related to placement of an order or shopping with Dillard's, provided that any such copy must contain this notice.
All of this web site's content and supporting code are copyrighted by or licensed to Dillard's, Inc. and all rights are reserved. All content copies, either electronic or printed, are for personal use only. The content and supporting code contained herein may not be used in any other manner unless express written permission is obtained in advance.
Dillards.com Privacy Policy
Dillard's understands that online and mobile privacy is very important to you. We have adopted this Privacy Policy as part of our commitment to your privacy. The terms "we", "us", and "our" refer to Dillard's Inc. and its affiliated companies.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we obtain via Dillards.com (referred to hereafter as the Site). Please note that the Privacy Policy applies only to your interactions with us through the Site. It does not apply to interactions through our retail stores, or to your use of a Dillard's Card. A separate Privacy Notice, administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., pertains to your Dillard's Credit Card and Dillard's American Express® Card. For that Privacy Notice, click here . When you use your Dillard's Credit Card or Dillard's American Express® Card on the Site, this Privacy Notice fully applies to your usage of the Site. Additionally, when using the Site you may submit product reviews. We currently use a company called PowerReviews for product reviews. Your submission of reviews is governed by a separate privacy policy maintained by PowerReviews. A link to that policy is provided on the screen from which you submit your review, but you can also review it here . Also, if you click the Dillard's Careers link on the bottom of any Dillards.com page to search for Dillard's jobs, you will be directed to job listings on the Dillard's Career web site (careers.dillards.com). Your submission of information and the collection of information from you through the use of the Dillard's Career web site is governed by the privacy policy of Dillards.com.
1. What information We Obtain
When you use the Site, we may obtain personally identifiable information from you which you give us -- such as your name, physical address, email address, telephone number, account number - as well as any information you may submit through product reviews, the Feedback function, or email. We may also collect personally identifiable information about you from third parties, such as demographic or marketing firms to improve our marketing efforts, or fraud prevention companies. Additionally, when you use the Site, we obtain information automatically, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address and other information about the device you are using to access the Site, including browser information, Internet Service Provider (ISP), operating system, and your location.
2. How We Use Information We Obtain
We use the information we obtain from your use of the Site to conduct our business and to market products and services to you. If you order from the Site, we may send you emails and notices about your order and about other merchandise and services that we think may be of interest to you. We may also share information we obtain with other members of the Dillard's corporate family. We do not sell or rent the information we obtain. If you want to opt out of getting promotional emails from Dillard's, see Section 5 below. We also use the information we obtain for other business purposes, such as payment processing, analytics, fraud prevention, and legal compliance.
3. How We Share Information We Obtain
We may disclose the information we obtain with service providers that perform marketing, promotional and other services for us. Service providers who perform marketing services on our behalf are required by us to use personally identifiable information we share only to help us to provide you with products and services from Dillard's. We may also provide information to carefully selected outside companies for the purpose of jointly marketing a product or service to you. We may share information about aggregate shopping histories and demographics with consultants and others for purposes such as analyzing sales, website performance, retail trends and marketing, but such information does not identify you or any other individual.
We also share information with other companies which provide us with services we use to conduct our business operations, including product recommendations and fraud prevention. We may also share information when we believe that it is required by law or necessary to operate our business (e.g., to our attorneys, auditors, or accountants), to protect your rights, to protect our rights, or to protect the rights of others. We may also disclose the information we obtain to any company which may in the future acquire Dillard's or a portion of its business.
4. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technology
A "cookie" is a small data file stored by your web browser on your device. It allows the Site to recognize your device upon entering the Site. We use cookies to keep track of when you return to the Site, to identify the pages you click on during your visit to the Site, and the name of the site you visited immediately before visiting the Site. We use information obtained via cookies to improve and secure the Site, including improving our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions; to prevent fraud; and to provide you with product recommendations. Such recommendations may be presented to you on other sites you visit, including social network sites such as Facebook. You can disable and delete cookies through your web browser. However, you will not be able to make purchases on the Site if you disable cookies.
We use Google Analytics to compile information collected via cookies in a manner which is helpful to us in analyzing visitors' use of the Site. Google Analytics also uses this information to place advertisements for our products on other sites that you visit after your use of the Site. These advertisements may be based upon the pages you visited during your use of the Site. You may opt out of Google Analytics' use of your browsing history information in this manner at any time by visiting Google's Ad Preferences Manager You may also choose to install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on , which if installed will prevent Google Analytics from using information obtained from your use of the Site.
For payment fraud prevention purposes, we use a technology called "Flash Cookies." A Flash Cookie is a data file placed on your device using Adobe Flash technology that may be installed on your computer or downloaded by you to your computer. Flash cookies are not deleted from your browser when you delete cookies through your browser's delete cookies function, and are not disabled by disabling cookies through your browser's disable cookies function. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash Cookies, click here . Additionally, for payment fraud prevention purposes we use a technology called HTML5 local storage technology. HTML5 web storage is similar to a cookie in that it stores data on your device's web browser for collection of information. HTML5 local storage on your device may not in all cases be deleted or disabled by deleting or disabling cookies through your browser's delete and disable cookies functions.
5. How You Can Opt Out of Promotional Emails
You may access and update your Personal Information and your preferences about receiving promotional emails from Dillard's at any time. To do that:
For Desktop/Tablet Users on Dillards.com:
Enter your email address into the email field at the bottom of the page
Uncheck the box that opts you IN to the promotional emails and click Submit
If you "opt out" of receiving promotional emails from us, the only emails you will receive will be (I) about transactions that you initiate (such as to confirm orders you submit on the Site, inform you about your order status, respond to your customer service inquiries and answer any other questions you send us); (II) about matters affecting your Personal Information; and (III) in connection with certain services or promotions for which you have registered, such as our gift registry program.
6. Miscellaneous Information
Changes to this Privacy Policy: We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy, and to apply any changes to previously collected personal information. We urge you to periodically check this Privacy Policy for any changes. The last revised date will change when we make revisions to the policy. All changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise stated in the revision. If you cannot accept the terms of the Privacy Policy, as posted, please do not use the Site.
Do Not Track Header: Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you not be "tracked" online. At this time we do not modify your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast. Data Security: Security of your information is very important to us, and we follow reasonable procedures to protect the information in our possession. However, no security system is perfect, and we accordingly cannot guarantee that a security breach will not occur.
Governing Law, Dispute Jurisdiction: The laws of the State of Arkansas, excluding its choice of law principles, govern all matters arising from or related to the Site, including your access and use, and any Internet transaction between you and us.
Links: Our Site may have links to third party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other web sites. You should review their privacy policies.
Children's Privacy: We do not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age through the Site without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to us through the Site for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete his or her information from our files. Although we permit users to post reviews concerning our products, we do not encourage users to include their full name when posting reviews. If you are under 18, have included your name in a review, and would like Dillard's to remove your name you can contact us at the email address, telephone number, or mailing address below with your request. Please note that even when we remove your name, the removal may not remove the remainder of your post or remove your name from all copies of the post.
Questions?
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy please contact us at:
   Dillard's, Inc.
   Or email us at: internationalsales@dillards.com
Last Revised: April 16, 2015.
Legal Notices - Terms of Use
This web site is owned and operated by Dillard's, Inc at www.dillards.com .
The material contained within this web site is periodically checked for accuracy and is presented without any warranties, either expressed or implied. Dillard's Inc. and its subsidiaries will assume no, and hereby disclaims any, responsibility for any errors or omissions of this web site's content. Dillard's shall not be responsible for any damages incurred as a result of the content or use of this web site.
By using the material at this web site, all users agree to all terms and conditions contained in this web site, which are subject to change without notice, as well as all applicable laws, and do so at their own risk. All changes to this legal notice will be posted to this web site in a timely manner.
Occasionally, orders for an item exceeding our supply are received. If we are unable to fulfill your order, you will be notified and your credit card will not be charged.
Materials contained within this web site are intended for U.S. residents. Any deliveries requested for addresses outside the U.S. are subject to refusal by Dillard's, Inc.
Any link between Dillards.com and any other web site does not constitute an endorsement of the linked site. Dillard's, Inc. does not make and hereby disclaims any warranty as to the content of any other web site linked to Dillards.com. Exercise caution when communicating or interacting with any web site.
Any questions regarding these legal notices may be directed to:
   Dillard's Inc.
Limitation of Liability
This website and all information contained herein are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, express or implied. Dillard's shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or relating to the use by any person of this site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, including damages to hardware or software resulting from use of this site.
Pricing Policy
Dillard's is committed to offering quality merchandise at fair, competitive prices. In most cases, the Internet prices will reflect store prices. However, there may be some exceptions. Internet sale prices expire at midnight Central time on the date displayed for the item. Prices and sales are subject to change without notice.
Dillard's does not make price adjustments.
Merchandise available through Dillards.com may not be available in all our stores.
Security
We are committed to maintaining the security of the information we receive from you. To prevent unauthorized access, we have implemented appropriate software and management procedures which we monitor continuously. Encryption is a process which scrambles your personal information while it is in transit to us. We encrypt sensitive information as you key it in your browser via a "secure socket layer", or SSL, which is the industry standard for encrypting transmitted data. Upon receipt, your information is stored on a secured server behind a firewall. This secured server is not directly connected to the Internet, and the firewall which protects it meets all industry standards. In addition, the facility that houses the server is physically secured to further protect your information against loss, alteration or misuse. We are and will continue to be diligent in our efforts to ensure that your personal information is secure with us.
Tax Information
Dillard's operates in various states throughout the U.S. Sales tax is applied to your order, based on the order's "ship to" address, in accordance with the jurisdiction's laws. Be advised that some states require a tax on the delivery and/or gift wrap charges, as well. All applicable taxes will be clearly displayed on your order at order completion time.
NOTE: Tax rates are subject to change at any time.
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects the online privacy and personal information of children under 13 years of age. In compliance with this act, Dillard's does not promote online to children, and does not intentionally collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13. Children under the age of 13 must be signed up by their parents and use their parents email address in order to receive email updates.
The Dillard's American Express® Card is issued and administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
This credit card program is issued and administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., pursuant to a license from American Express. American Express is a federally registered service mark of American Express.
Customer Service
