× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Yellowpages.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Yellowpages.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.att.com/gen/privacy-policy?pid=2506 . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
Privacy Policy Update
We're updating our privacy policy in the next few weeks - below you will find our updated policy, and here is the current policy. We've tried to streamline the policy and make it even easier to read and find the information you are looking for. Our commitment to protecting your privacy hasn't changed. We want you to know that we value you as our customer and we hope our updated privacy policy makes it easier for you to understand how AT&T works to keep your information safe.
We also want to point out two new programs to help us and other businesses serve you better:
The first program will make reports available to businesses. These will contain anonymous information about groups of customers, such as how they collectively use our products and services. For example, they might tell a retailer about the number of wireless devices in or near their store by time of day, together with anonymous information about those device users' collective age or gender.
The second program will use local geography as a factor in delivering online and mobile ads to the people who might find them most useful. For instance, if you happen to live in an area where people like going to the movies, you may get ads for movie theaters. This doesn't mean you'll get more ads, it just means that the ads you get from AT&T may be more suited to your interests.
(We're sending an email or letter to the customers whose information might be used for these programs - if you want to learn more about the programs, you can see a copy of that message here .)
You have choices about these and other programs, and we encourage you to review those choices .
We also want to hear your comments and questions - you can provide feedback on our updated policy here .
Our privacy commitments
Our privacy commitments are fundamental to the way we do business every day. These apply to everyone who has a relationship with us - including customers (wireless, Internet, digital TV, and telephone) and Web site visitors.
We will protect your privacy and keep your personal information safe. We use encryption and other security safeguards to protect customer data.
We will not sell your personal information to anyone, for any purpose. Period.
We will fully disclose our privacy policy in plain language, and make our policy easily accessible to you.
We will notify you of revisions to our privacy policy, in advance. No surprises.
You have choices about how AT&T uses your information for marketing purposes. Customers are in control.
We want to hear from you. You can send us questions or feedback on our privacy policy.
This is version 3 , from 5 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
