MapQuest, a wholly owned subsidiary of Verizon , offers services including apps and websites available to consumers, as well as software services such as software development kits (SDKs) and application programing interfaces (APIs) that are used by other apps and sites. MapQuest services provide capabilities such as turn-by-turn directions; direct booking with ride sharing services, local transit, restaurants and hotels (where available); the ability to compare nearby gas station prices; on-demand roadside assistance provided by urgentl.ly; up-to-the-minute traffic information and other location services.
This privacy policy applies to the information that MapQuest may collect about you from devices you use to access MapQuest products, services, software, websites, and other goods and services offered, owned, or operated by MapQuest. This policy also describes privacy rights you may have under your national law.
Information we collect
We collect information about you when you register for and use MapQuest services.  Depending on how you use MapQuest services, information we collect may include:
Information you give to us: We collect registration-related information (such as your name, picture, email, home, work, and favorite addresses) you may provide when you register for or log into MapQuest, use MapQuest services, participate in rewards programs, or enter prize or contest promotions.
Information we collect about your use of MapQuest services: We collect information about your browser and device (such as your IP address, mobile telephone number, mobile device identifiers, device type, and browser or operating system), and your use of the MapQuest services (such as searches you conduct, directions we provide, and route data). To provide some of its services and as described below, MapQuest requires information about the precise location of your device. When location collection is enabled, we collect or infer your precise location using cellular, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, sensor (gyroscope, accelerometer, light, magnetometer and pressure) and GPS location information we obtain from your device. Consistent with your permissions, information, including location, is collected from your device even when you are not using the app. 
Information we receive from other sources: We may receive data from other Verizon affiliates (including Oath ) as well as third parties (including business partners, third party technology vendors, and social media websites that you use).
Cookies and related technologies:  MapQuest uses cookies and related technologies as described in the Verizon Cookie Policy .  Third party advertising networks that we work with may also place and access cookies on your browser to collect information about your visit on the MapQuest website. Information they collect from our website is in a form that does not identify you personally and may be combined with similar data they obtain from other websites to help advertisers better reach audiences they wish to target.
We use the data we collect or receive about users' online and in-app activities to help us show ads for products or services users are likely to be interested in. We retain certain information for a limited time to aid in the targeting of ads, as well as for fraud detection and prevention. Data used to create segments for ad targeting is retained for no longer than 2 years.
You can control the use of cookies or device advertising identifiers at any time using your browser and mobile device settings.  Please note that browser cookies and ad identifiers are specific to the browser and device you are using. If you buy a new computer or wireless device, change web browsers or devices or delete the cookies on your computer, you will need to opt out again. Most Internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Disabling cookies may prevent you from using specific features on our app and website.
How we use information
Administer and enhance application and website features as well as location-based services and experiences supported by Verizon;
Authenticate your identity;
Contact you with marketing and promotional offers about our service or other services we offer consistent with the choices you make;
Notify you about changes to the MapQuest services;
Help you with service-related issues or questions;
Manage and protect our services and users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses;
Provide social network interactions; and
Customize and personalize your experiences including the advertisements you see across the devices you use. 
How we share information
MapQuest information (including location information) may be shared within the Verizon family of companies, including Oath (formed by the combination of AOL and Yahoo) where it is used to help provide more relevant advertising within the MapQuest experiences and on other sites, apps and services across the devices you use. Oath will use MapQuest customer data consistent with the choices you make about how your information can be used.
We also share your information with vendors and business partners for business purposes, for example when we need them to perform work on our behalf to provide you with the MapQuest services.  We require that these vendors and partners protect your information through contractual provisions or other similar means.
We may share de-identified location information with third parties for limited aggregate purposes, including, for example, traffic reporting.
MapQuest may also disclose information that individually identifies you or your device in certain circumstances, such as:
To comply with valid legal obligations, such as court orders or search warrants, and as otherwise required by law;
In cases involving danger of death or serious physical injury to any person or other emergencies;
To protect our rights or property, or the safety of our customers or employees;
To prospective buyers, acquirers or sellers of our business or assets in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets; and
With your consent.
Your choices
You can control whether MapQuest services collect precise location information about your device using the location settings available on your device.  For more information, please review your device settings. 
In accordance with  industry self-regulatory principles , we require that companies disclose when they deliver interest-based ads on MapQuest or collect information through MapQuest for these purposes. You may visit the  Digital Advertising Alliance's Consumer Choices  to learn more or to limit the collection of information by parties who participate in the industry’s opt-out page.
If you participate in a MapQuest rewards program, you may opt-out at any time by visiting the settings available in the MapQuest product offering that service.
Security
MapQuest has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
Personal information and other sensitive records are retained only as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we process them (as described elsewhere in this policy) or otherwise for strictly necessary business, accounting, tax or legal purposes.
Although we work hard to protect personal information that we collect and store, no program is 100% secure and we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use or disclose personal information. We maintain security and incident response plans to handle incidents involving unauthorized access to private information we collect or store.
International Users 
You may have certain additional data protection rights. You may be able to request MapQuest to provide evidence of processing activities, erase your personal data, and restrict processing of your personal data.
MapQuest uses advertising partners, including Oath, that must adhere to the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance's and the Internet Advertising Bureau UK's Good Practice Principals for Online Behavioral Advertising. You can learn more and opt out of behavioral advertising from the  Internet Advertising Bureau .
More detailed information on your data protection rights may be found here . For queries regarding this policy or your data protection rights, please send your question directly to us via e-mail at  privacyoffice@verizon.com  or in writing to the following address:
International Data Privacy Office
Reading, Berkshire
United Kingdom Rg26da
In some countries, you may also have a right to lodge a complaint with your local authority responsible for privacy protection.
Changes to this policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy, so please check back periodically. You will be able to see that changes have been made by checking to see the effective date posted at the end of the policy. If MapQuest elects to use or disclose information that identifies you as an individual in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our policy at the time we collected that information from you, we will give you a choice regarding such use or disclosure by appropriate means, which may include use of an opt out mechanism.
Contact us
If you have questions, concerns or suggestions related to our Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, e-mail us or contact us at:
Verizon Privacy Office
For Verizon Employees
Follow Verizon Careers
Follow Verizon Wireless
Follow Verizon Fios
Follow Verizon Enterprise
Follow Verizon Connect
©2018 Verizon
