This Privacy Policy describes Mariah Media’s online privacy practices on the platforms where this policy is located.  These may include websites and sites designed for mobile devices.  The policy may also apply to the mobile and smart phone applications to which it might link.
For purposes of European data protection laws, the controller responsible for the data collection and processing described in this Privacy Policy is Mariah Media Network, LLC, 444 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 3350, Chicago IL 60611.
We Collect Information From and About You
Contact information. For example, we may collect your name and email address.  We may also collect your street address or phone number.  We may collect other I.D. numbers like user names.
Payment information.  For example, if you make purchases, we might collect your credit card information.
Information you submit or post. We collect the information you submit to us or post in a public space on our platform. 
Demographic information. For example, this includes your zip code. We may also collect your age and gender. We may collect this information if you contact us or enter a promotion.
Usage, behavioral, and device information. We may collect information about the website browser you are using, the pages you visit, or the third-party websites from which or to which you go from our platform. We may also collect information about your equipment or device like an IP address or a device or advertising identifier. We might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it. We collect this information using the tracking technologies described here.
Location information. We may collect information about your location, including your precise location. We may collect this information using different types of technologies, including GPS and Wi-Fi.
We Collect Information in Different Ways
We collect information directly from you.  For example, if you register on our platform, enter a contest, or take one of our online surveys.
We collect information from you passively. For example, we use tracking tools like cookies and web beacons to track user behavior.  We collect information about users over time and across different platforms and devices when you use this platform.  We may have third parties collect personal information this way.
We get information about you from third parties. We may get information about you or your preferences from our business partners. Social media platforms may also give us information about you.
We Combine Information We May Get from Various Sources 
For example, if you are a subscriber to our print magazine, and register on this platform, we may combine the information we already have about you.  We may also combine information about you that we learn from third parties with information we already have. We may combine information that we collect across devices or platforms.
We Use Information as Disclosed and Described Here
We use information for our business purposes.  These include:
To process your requests and for related purposes.  For example, to fulfill an order you place with us.  Or, we may use your information to contact you about a purchase.
To promote Outside Online and our related companies and products.  For example, we might send you updates about our platforms or new products.  We may also send you other information which we think you might find interesting.  We may contact you using the contact information we have about you.
To tell you about third-party products or services we think you will like.  For example, we might send you information about a deal that we are able to offer to our registered users.
To operate our platforms and serve our advertisements.  For example, we use information we collect to analyze trends and improve platform layout.  We also monitor traffic patterns at our platforms to personalize our platform.  We sometimes work with third parties to help us with our platform monitoring activities. Our monitoring may include tracking your online activities, either ourselves or with the help of our vendors or other third parties.  Monitoring may be across our platforms and be used to serve you with content in which we think you would be interested. To learn more about our tracking tools, click here.
To protect our platforms and services. We may use information to protect our company, our customers, and our services.
We use information as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you.
We May Share Information with Third Parties
We will share information within the Mariah Media family of companies.
We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors, or will authorize them to collect information on our behalf. We also share information with companies that help us operate our platforms or fulfill customer requests.
We will share information with any successor to all or part of our business.  For example, if part of our business was sold we may sell our customer list as part of that transaction.
We may share information with third party business partners.  For example, we might share your information when we conduct a joint promotion with another company.
We may share this information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will disclose information in response to subpoenas or investigative requests. We may share information with a government agency or investigatory body requests it. We might share information if we are investigating potential fraud. This might include fraud we think has happened during a promotion. If you are the winner of a sweepstakes or contest, we may also share your information with anyone who requests a winner’s list.
We may share information for other reasons as may be described to you.
Your Choices
You can opt out of marketing emails by following the instructions in any marketing emails you receive.  You can also opt-out by sending an email message to emailreply@outsidemag.com with the word “unsubscribe” in the subject line.  Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we will still send you transactional messages.
You can control certain cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we—and our vendors and other third parties—use cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our Do Not Track policy, please click here .
Your EU and Other Privacy Rights
You have the following rights, where provided under applicable law, regarding your information (each of which are subject to various exceptions and limitations):
The right to be informed: You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your information and your rights. This is why we are providing you with the information in this Privacy Policy.
The right of access: You have the right to obtain access to your information (if we are processing it), and other certain other information (similar to that provided in this Privacy Policy).  This is so you are aware and can check that we are using your information in accordance with data protection law.
The right to rectification: You are entitled to have your information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure: This is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your information where there’s no compelling reason for us to keep using it. This is not a general right to erasure; there are exceptions.
The right to restrict processing: You have rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your information. When processing is restricted, we can still store your information, but may not use it further. We keep lists of people who have asked for further use of their information to be ‘blocked’ to make sure the restriction is respected in future.
The right to data portability: You have rights to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services and platforms.
The right to object: You have the right to object to certain types of processing, in particular processing based on our legitimate interests.  You also can object at any time to your information being used for direct marketing purposes (including profiling related to such direct marketing). Where you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data shall no longer be processed for such purposes.
If you are not satisfied with our response to your complaint or believe our processing of your information does not comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to an EU data protection authority.
We will retain your personal information for as long as needed to provide you with any services which you request. We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We process your personal data where you have consented, where it is necessary to perform our contract with you, to perform our legal obligations, and/or for the purposes of our legitimate interests.
Please note your rights in relation to your personal data are not absolute. We may, for example, deny you access to your personal data when required or authorized by law, or if granting access would have an unreasonable impact on another individual’s privacy.  
Our Ads
Third parties advertise on our platforms, and we also contract with third parties to serve ads across the Internet and across multiple devices.  The ads we serve may be based on tracking activities, as described in more detail here .
Security
We use industry standard security measures to protect our platforms.  However, we cannot guarantee that the Internet or your use of our platforms will be completely secure.  We encourage you to take steps to protect yourself online.  For example, do not share your password with other people including ensuring that any online account information you have remains secure.
About Children
Our platforms are not created for children.  We do not believe children are interested in our platforms, and do not knowingly collect information from children under 13.  If you are a parent or guardian and think we have information about your child who is under 13, please contact us at privacy@outsidemag.com. To learn more about how to protect your child online, visit the FTC’s website and read the helpful information provided by the FTC.
Links
Our platforms contain links to third party sites.   If you click on one of those links, you will be taken to sites we do not control.  This policy does not apply to the information practices of those sites.  You should read the privacy policy of other sites carefully.  We are not responsible for such third party's sites.
Non-US Users
Our platforms are operated in the United States and other countries located outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and are subject to United States laws. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to or processed in the United States or other countries located outside of the EEA.  The standard of data protection in the United States and in certain other countries where we may process your information is considered by the European Commission to be not adequate when compared to the date protection standards of the EU and EEA.  Please also be aware that by using our platforms and giving us your information, you consent to such transfer.
Policy Updates
From time to time we may change our privacy practices. The latest version of this policy will be posted here.  If there is a material change to this policy that we plan to apply retroactively, we will notify you as required by law. Please check our platforms periodically for updates.
How to Contact Us
If users have any questions, comments, or concerns about our privacy practices, you can email us at privacy@outsidemag.com. You can call us at (312) 222-1100. If you would like to write to us, our address is Mariah Media Network, LLC, 444 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 3350, Chicago IL 60611.
To inspire active participation in the world outside through award-winning coverage of the sports, people, places, adventure, discoveries, health and fitness, gear and apparel, trends and events that make up an active lifestyle.
Pinterest Icon
