Hometalk Privacy Policy
Welcome to hometalk.com and the products and services offered by Hometalk (collectively, the “Site”).  We value your privacy, and have posted this Privacy Policy to explain what information we collect from you, how we use it, and your rights in connection with that information.  If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or your Personal Information, you may contact us at support@hometalk.com . 
 
What Information We Collect From You
Any time you visit the Site, we collect certain information from you.  This information may be Personal Information, or Automatic Information.  Both kinds of information may be stored in cookies.      
Personal Information: In order for you to use many features and services of the Site we need certain Personal Information from you.  Depending on the service or feature you are trying to use, we may ask you for some or all of the following Personal Information: name, e-mail address, phone number, address, and company name.  We may also ask for details relating to service requests, such as contest entries and referrals.  You may also be asked to create a username and password.    
 
How We Collect Your Information
When you register to use the Site, and when you request any service or feature via the Site, you will be asked to provide Personal Information relevant to that transaction.  You will be reminded at the collection point why we are collecting that information. You may browse the site without providing any information to us except that collected automatically. However, if you do not provide Personal Information or permit the use of cookies, you may be unable to use certain features and services of the Site. 
How We Use Your Information
 
 
 
How We Share Your Personal Information
     
Advertising and Analytics:
We may use third parties to serve ads on the site. Certain third parties may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other websites, your IP address, and the browser you use to visit the site. Generally, we do not proactively share any data with third party advertisers; however, due to the way our site is currently structured, our third party data partners may be able to access certain data. The personally identifiable information (PII) that we capture is an IP address and an email address. When we share information with advertisers or data partners, the shared information includes hashed email addresses and cookie data. However, for users for whom GDPR regulation applies (i.e. European users) and who have not provided consent to Hometalk to capture, store and process their data, we will not be sharing their information with advertisers and/or data partners. We do not currently receive any PII from third parties.
The Site may use Google Analytics, Looker, or other service providers for analytics services. These analytics services may use cookies and other tracking technologies to help us analyze users and how they use the Site. Information generated by these services may be transmitted to and stored by these service providers on servers in the U.S. (or elsewhere) and these service providers may use this information for purposes such as evaluating your use of the Site, compiling statistic reports on the Site’s activity, and providing other services relating to Site activity and other Internet usage. You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
Legal Requirements: We may share your Personal Information if required for legal reasons, such as to investigate user conduct on the Site that we believe may be harmful to us, the Site, or others; or in connection with Hometalk being acquired by another company.    
Your Rights Regarding Your Information
Access, Correction, and Deletion: You may contact us any time using the information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy to review or correct the Personal Information we have about you, or to instruct us to delete it.  It may take up to 30 days for any such request to be honored. 
 
 
 
