Legal & Privacy | GovernmentJobs.com | Find Work Today! page has loaded. Legal & Privacy | GovernmentJobs.com | Find Work Today! page has loaded.
 
Introduction
These terms, conditions, and notices (the “Terms”) govern the end user’s (“you”, “your”, “user”) use of Governmentjobs.com (the “Websites”) of which is owned and operated by Governmentjobs.com, Inc (dba “NEOGOV”). These terms include the Governmentjobs Privacy Policy , which is incorporated into these Terms by reference (collectively referred to as the “Agreement”). Any and all rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved by NEOGOV.
This Agreement is a legally binding contract between you and NEOGOV. If you use the Websites, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE YOU HAVE READ, AND AGREE, TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. If you do not agree to all of terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, you may not use the Website. Also, by agreeing to this Agreement (including by a click-through or other agreement), you waive, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any rights or legal requirements that require an original (non-electronic) signature or the delivery or retention of non-electronic records in order for a contract to be legally binding.
NEOGOV reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time, at its sole discretion, by posting an updated version to this Web page.
For further information relating to the legal issues contained in these Terms or problem reports regarding this service, please contact: support@GovernmentJobs.com .
General: Trademarks, Copyrights, etc.
Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, NEOGOV is the owner of all intellectual property rights (including copyrights) in the NEOGOV Websites including but not limited to designs, text, graphics, images, video, information, logos, button icons, software, and audio files (collectively, “NEOGOV Content”). Material published by NEOGOV may contain other proprietary notices or describe products, services, processes, or technologies owned by NEOGOV or third parties. Nothing in these Terms shall be construed as granting to you a license under any copyright, trademark, patent, or other intellectual property right of NEOGOV or any third party, except as expressly set forth herein.
The deletion or alteration of any copyright or other proprietary notices from the Websites is strictly forbidden.
“NEOGOV,” “GovernmentJobs.com,” “CareerNow,” “Career Pages,” and certain other names or logos are trademarks of NEOGOV, and all related product and service names, design marks, and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of NEOGOV. NEOGOV also retains the rights in the designated color schemes and column names provided within the Websites. The “look” and “feel” of the Websites (including color combinations, button shapes, layout, design, and all other graphical elements) are also NEOGOV's trademarks or copyrights.
All editorial content and graphics on this site, as well as the HTML based computer programs used to generate pages and the Web site, are protected by U.S. copyright laws and international treaties and may not be copied without the express permission of NEOGOV, which reserves all rights. Any code that NEOGOV creates to generate or display any Websites content or the pages making up any NEOGOV Websites is also protected by NEOGOV copyright and you may not copy or adapt such code. Re-use of any of NEOGOV’s editorial content and graphics for any purpose is strictly prohibited without NEOGOV’s prior written permission. Please direct any requests for permission to  support@GovernmentJobs.com .
All other marks contained herein, including but not limited to employer logos, trademarks, and related intellectual property implemented into the Websites by the user are the property of their respective owners.
Please be aware that the information, software, products, and services published in these Website may include inaccuracies, typographical errors, or out-of-date information. Changes and items are made and added to the Websites and the information on it from time to time. NEOGOV may make such changes or additions at any time at its sole discretion.
Term and Termination
These Terms will remain in full force and effect while you are a user of the Website and your account is active. NEOGOV reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to pursue all of its legal remedies, including but not limited to removal of your user content from the Websites and immediate termination of your registration with or ability to access the Websites provided to you by NEOGOV, upon any breach by you of these Terms or in order to protect its name and goodwill, its business, and/or other Authorized Users. Such Termination will be effective without notice.
If at any time during your use of the Websites, you made a misrepresentation of fact to NEOGOV or otherwise mislead NEOGOV in regard to the nature of your business activities, NEOGOV will have grounds to terminate your use of the Websites.
NEOGOV reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to terminate your account, limit or block your access to the Websites at any time if you infringe upon any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement, with or without notice, and without any liability to the user who is terminated or to the user whose access is blocked. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, please contact NEOGOV as set forth herein.
Upon expiration or any termination of this Agreement, you shall cease all use and refrain from all further use of the Websites and other NEOGOV Intellectual Property.
You may terminate this Agreement at any time by deleting your account. Upon termination, you must destroy all copies of any aspect of NEOGOV Websites in your possession. In addition to the Miscellaneous section below, the provisions concerning NEOGOV’s proprietary rights, feedback, indemnity, disclaimers, limitation of liability, NEOGOV monitoring and pre-screening, information collection, your responsibilities, governing law, and any other section herein that by its nature is intended to survive termination, will survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.
Other Parties
NEOGOV may make available third-party services on the NEOGOV Websites, and/or feature materials, programs, products, hyperlinks, and services provided by third parties. NEOGOV makes no representations with respect to, nor does it guarantee or endorse, the quality, non-infringement, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, reliability, or correct sequencing of such third-party materials, programs, products, and services or any other materials, programs, products, and services which such third-party materials, products, and services you may access, nor does NEOGOV endorse any of the material on them or any association with their owners or operators. NEOGOV does not control these Websites and is not responsible for their availability, content, or any malware accessed through them. Your correspondence or any other dealings with third parties found on the NEOGOV Websites are solely between you and such third party. Accordingly, NEOGOV expressly disclaims responsibility and liability for all third-party provided materials, programs, products, and services contained on or accessed through the NEOGOV Websites, and you agree that NEOGOV shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such third parties on the NEOGOV Websites. You are advised to read all terms and conditions of any third-party service. 
NEOGOV takes no responsibility whatsoever for the activities end users or NEOGOV Customer hiring, recruiting, or other practices (or any of the information posted or downloaded by them on the Websites). Nothing on the Websites shall be deemed to be an endorsement, representation, or warranty with respect to any user, applicant, or other third party, whether in regard to its Website, products, services, or otherwise.
Your Use; Limited License
The Websites are for your personal and noncommercial use. Except as otherwise expressly provided, you may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, use, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information or content contained in the Websites as a whole software, or products or services obtained from or available as part of or in conjunction with the Websites. You are granted a non-exclusive, non-assignable, and non-transferable license to use the Websites only under these terms and conditions of use.
HEADHUNTERS, EMPLOYMENT PLACEMENT/OUTPLACEMENT AGENCIES, TEMPORARY WORKER AGENCIES, CONSULTANTS AND OTHER THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING ANY THIRD PARTY CHARGING A FEE OR RESTRICTING COMPLETE ACCESS TO ALL RÉSUMÉ INFORMATION, ARE PROHIBITED.
This license is not a sale of any of the owner's rights. The Websites may be used only by you, and you may not rent, lease, lend, sub-license, or transfer the Websites or any data residing on it or any of your rights under this agreement to anyone else. You may not develop or derive for commercial sale any data in machine-readable or other form that incorporates or uses any substantial part of the Websites. You may not transfer to or store any data residing or exchanged over the Websites in any electronic network for use by more than one user unless you obtain prior written permission from NEOGOV.
Your Responsibilities
The Websites may be used only for lawful purposes. As one of the conditions of your use of the Websites, you represent, warrant, and agree that you will not use (or plan, encourage, or help others to use) the Websites for any purpose or in any manner that is prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices or by applicable law. It is your responsibility to ensure that your use of the Websites complies with these terms, conditions, and notices and to seek prior written permission from NEOGOV for any uses not permitted or not expressly specified herein.
You shall be solely responsible for the accuracy and completeness of all records, data, and information provided, submitted, or uploaded by you in connection with this Agreement or use of the Websites.
You will take reasonable steps to prevent unauthorized access to the Websites. For access to certain areas of the Websites, including the account profile, may require both a user name and a password. Only one user can use one user name and password and, thus, one account. By limiting access, it helps avoid unauthorized usage by other persons or entities because anyone with knowledge of both your user name and password can gain entry to the NEOGOV Websites and to your account. Accordingly, by using the NEOGOV Websites, you agree to consider your user name and password as confidential information and to keep your user name and password confidential. You also agree not to use another user's user name and password. You will immediately notify NEOGOV if you become aware of any loss or theft of your password or any unauthorized use of your user name and password. NEOGOV cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations. NEOGOV reserves the right to delete or change (with notice) a user name or password at any time and for any reason.
Other than the Websites provided by NEOGOV, you are responsible for all other services, equipment, and facilities (including, without limitation, all hardware, telecommunications equipment, connectivity, cabling, and software) required to access the Websites. You shall be responsible for procuring all licenses of third party software necessary for your use of the Websites.
In connection with your use of NEOGOV Websites, you will not:
Use the Websites for any unlawful purpose or any illegal activity, or transmit, post, submit content, or distribute any message, information, data, text, software or images, or other materials that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, hateful, racist, discriminatory, of a menacing character, or likely to cause annoyance, inconvenience, embarrassment, anxiety, or could cause harassment to any person, or include any links to pornographic, indecent or sexually explicit material of any kind, or otherwise objectionable that may invade another's right of privacy or publicity as determined by NEOGOV’s discretion;
Impersonate any person or entity, including but not limited to, a NEOGOV official, forum leader, guide, or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
Post or transmit any content that you do not have a right to reproduce, display, or transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as nondisclosure agreements);
Post or transmit any content that contains a malware or corrupted data;
Delete any author attributions, legal notices, or proprietary designations or labels;
Use the Websites communication features in a manner that adversely affects the availability of its resources to other users (e.g. excessive shouting, use of all caps, or flooding continuous posting of repetitive text);
Post or transmit any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation or any non-resume information such as opinions or notices, commercial or otherwise;
Violate any applicable local, state, national, or international rules, regulations, laws, codes, and ordinances;
Upload or transmit any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary rights of any party;
Post any incomplete, false, or inaccurate résumé information or information which is not your own accurate résumé
Respond to any employment opportunity on the Websites for any reason other than to apply for the job. Communications soliciting the employer's business by our competitors are prohibited;
Post to the Websites any franchise, “club membership”, distributorship, or sales representative agency arrangement or other business opportunity which requires an up front or periodic payment, pays commissions only (no significant salary), or requires recruitment of other members, sub-distributors, or sub-agents;
Delete or revise any material posted by any other person or entity;
Print out or otherwise copy or use any personally identifiable information about employees or business information about employers. Unsolicited e-mails, telephone calls, mailings, or other contacts to posting individuals and companies are prohibited;
Provide System passwords or other log-in information for the Websites to any third party except those specifically authorized to access the Websites;
Share non-public features or content with any third party;
Access the Websites in order to build, assist, or facilitate the assembly of a competitive product or service, to build a product using similar ideas, features, functions, or graphics of the System, or to copy any ideas, features, functions, or graphics of the Websites;
Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discover or directly access the source code or any underlying ideas or algorithms of any portions of the Websites or any underlying software or component thereof;
Modify, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, or sublicense the Websites except as expressly permitted by this Agreement;
Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on any NEOGOV Websites infrastructure or anything that interferes or disrupts the Websites;
Violate or attempt to violate the security of any NEOGOV Websites including attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization;
Aggregate, copy, or duplicate in any manner any of the content or information available from any NEOGOV Websites, including expired job postings, other than as permitted by these Terms;
Post any resume or profile or apply for any job on behalf of another party;
Solicit passwords or personally identifiable information from other users; or
Post statements or material that constitutes anti-competitive collaboration and/or antitrust violations.
In the event NEOGOV suspects any breach of these requirements, NEOGOV may suspend your access to the Websites for the reasonable time required to confirm or deny suspicion, in addition to other lawful remedies as required.
Violations of system or network security may result in civil and/or criminal liability. NEOGOV will investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations.
Permission to Use Postings
You represent that you have all necessary rights to make a posting, and you also acknowledge that such postings are non-confidential for all purposes and that NEOGOV has no control over the extent to which any idea or information may be used by any party or person once it is posted or displayed. Accordingly, notwithstanding this right and license, it is understood that by merely permitting your information, content, and materials to appear on NEOGOV Websites, NEOGOV has not become and is not a publisher of such information, content, and materials and is merely functioning as an intermediary to enable you to provide and display a posting. Moreover, NEOGOV assumes no responsibility for the deletion of or failure to store any posting and recommends that you do not post, display, or transmit any confidential or sensitive information.
Additional Terms applicable to Applicants
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the form, content, and accuracy of any material or information placed by you on the Websites.
Although you maintain rights in the personal information that make up your Account Profile, you understand and acknowledge that you have no ownership rights in your Account Profile itself, and that if you delete your account or your account is terminated, all your account information from NEOGOV, including resumes, profiles, cover letters, saved jobs, and questionnaires may be marked as deleted and may be deleted from NEOGOV's databases and will be removed from any public area of the Websites. Information may continue to be available for some period of time because of delays in propagating such deletion. NEOGOV reserves the right to maintain certain data after termination where it is necessary to comply with the law. NEOGOV periodically deletes inactive accounts and reserves the right to delete your account and all of your Information.
You must be 13 years of age or older to visit or use any NEOGOV site in any manner. If under the age of 18 or the age of majority as that is defined in your jurisdiction, you must use any NEOGOV site under the supervision of a parent, legal guardian, or other responsible adult.
Web Site Security Rules
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of NEOGOV, including, without limitation, (i) accessing data not intended for such user or logging into a server or account which such user is not authorized to access, (ii) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization, (iii) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host, or network, including, without limitation, via means of overloading, “flooding,” “mailbombing,” or “crashing,” (iv) sending unsolicited e-mail, including promotions or advertising of products or services, or (v) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting.
If you discover or are notified of a breach or potential breach of security with respect to any personally identifiable information provided or made available by NEOGOV, you shall immediately (i) notify NEOGOV of such breach or such potential breach and (ii) if the applicable data was in your possession or control, including, without limitation, in instances where such possession or control was permitted by this Agreement at the time of such breach or potential breach, you shall immediately (a) investigate such breach or such potential breach, (b) inform NEOGOV of the results of such investigation, (c) assist NEOGOV using commercially reasonable efforts in maintaining the confidentiality of such information, and (d) assist NEOGOV as reasonably necessary to enforce NEOGOV’s rights and to enable NEOGOV to comply with any state or federal law requiring the provision of notice of any security breach with respect to any personally identifiable information of the affected or impacted data subjects. 
Feedback
NEOGOV welcomes your feedback and suggestions about NEOGOV’s Websites. By transmitting any suggestions, information, material, or other content (collectively, “feedback”) to NEOGOV, you represent and warrant that such feedback does not infringe or violate the intellectual property or proprietary rights of any third party (including, without limitation, patents, copyrights, or trademark rights) and that you have all rights necessary to convey to NEOGOV and enable NEOGOV to use such feedback. In addition, any feedback received through NEOGOV Websites will be deemed to include a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, non-exclusive right and license for NEOGOV to adopt, publish, reproduce, disseminate, transmit, distribute, copy, use, create derivative works, and display (in whole or in part) worldwide, or act on such feedback without additional approval or consideration, in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content, and you hereby waive any claim to the contrary. 
Maintenance and Support
NEOGOV maintains NEOGOV’s hardware/software infrastructure for the Websites. Preventive system maintenance is conducted by NEOGOV from time to time and is addressed in a variety of methods including scalable architecture and infrastructure, log checking, performance maintenance, and other preventative tasks.
NEOGOV may periodically modify the features, components, and functionality of the Websites. NEOGOV shall have no liability for, or any obligations to, investments in or modifications to your hardware, systems, or other software, which may be necessary to use or access the Websites due to a modification of the Websites provided by NEOGOV.
This Agreement does not obligate NEOGOV to render any maintenance or support Websites that are not expressly required to be provided.
Monitoring
NEOGOV is under no obligation to monitor the information residing on or transmitted via this Websites. However, you agree that NEOGOV may monitor the Websites Contents to (1) comply with any applicable laws, regulations, or other government requests; (2) operate the Website or Websites properly or to protect itself and its users and members; and (3) for such other purposes as it may deem reasonably necessary or appropriate from time to time. NEOGOV reserves the right to modify, reject, or eliminate any information residing on or transmitted to its Websites that it, in its sole discretion, believes is unacceptable or in violation of these terms and conditions.
NEOGOV may review and remove any content that, in its sole judgment, violates these Terms, violates applicable laws, rules, or regulations, is abusive, disruptive, offensive, or illegal, or violates the rights of, or harms or threatens the safety of, users of any NEOGOV Site or Websites. If you violate this Agreement, NEOGOV may, in its sole discretion, delete the unacceptable content from your posting, remove or delete the posting in its entirety, issue you a warning, and/or terminate your use of the NEOGOV Websites. NEOGOV may take any action with respect to user content that it deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion if it believes that such user content could create liability for NEOGOV, damage NEOGOV’s brand or public image, or cause NEOGOV to lose users or (in whole or in part) the services of its ISPs or other suppliers.
NEOGOV is not responsible for screening, policing, editing, or monitoring your or another user’s postings and encourages all of its users to use reasonable discretion and caution in evaluating or reviewing any posting. Moreover, and except as provided below with respect to NEOGOV’s right and ability to delete or remove a posting (or any part thereof), NEOGOV does not endorse, oppose, or edit any opinion or information provided by you or another user and does not make any representation with respect to, nor does it endorse the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement, or other material displayed, uploaded, or distributed by you or any other user. 
Information Collection and Use
The very nature of the Websites requires that NEOGOV gather, process, use, and distribute information which you provide directly (g. name, physical address, e-mail address, résumé), as well as information regarding the manner in which you use the Websites. NEOGOV will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. Personal information will only be collected, used, and retained as necessary to for the purposes stated in the Privacy Policy.
Upon receipt of information from an applicant or employee, the NEOGOV Customer shall have exclusive right, title, and interest in and to all the data collected and all intellectual property and proprietary rights therein anywhere in the world, and NEOGOV shall (i) acquire no rights in any data collected by a NEOGOV Customer, (ii) process data only to provide the Websites or as otherwise instructed by a NEOGOV Customer or user, or as may be required or permitted by applicable law, and (iii) only retain information long enough to process or as required by law. Furthermore, NEOGOV may not alter, modify, delete, or revise information after an applicant submits an application to a NEOGOV Customer.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless NEOGOV, its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against any claims, actions, or demands, including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from (i) any user content or other material you provide to any NEOGOV Site, (ii) your use of any NEOGOV content, or (iii) relating to or arising out of your violation of this Agreement, (iv) your representations and warranties, or (v) your violation of any rights of another. NEOGOV shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding.
NEOGOV Liability
The Websites act as, among other things, venues for (i) employers to post job opportunities and search for and evaluate job candidates, (ii) candidates to post resumes and profiles and search for and evaluate job opportunities, and (iii) recruitment, selection, applicant tracking, reporting and analysis, and HR automation. NEOGOV is not involved in, and does not control, the actual transaction between NEOGOV Customers, candidates. and users. As a result, NEOGOV is not responsible for user content, the quality, safety, or legality of the jobs or resumes, the truth or accuracy of the listings or other data uploaded to the Websites by you, the ability of employers to offer job opportunities to candidates or the ability of candidates to fill job openings and NEOGOV makes no representations about any jobs, resumes, or customer data on the Websites. While NEOGOV reserves the right in its sole discretion to remove content, job postings, resumes, or other material from the Websites from time to time, NEOGOV does not assume any obligation to do so and to the extent permitted by law, and disclaims any liability for failing to take any such action.
NEOGOV has no control over the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the profiles or user content submitted on the NEOGOV Websites and makes no representations about any profile or user content on the NEOGOV Websites.
Disclaimers
YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THESE SERVICES AND THE INTERNET GENERALLY. THESE SERVICES AND THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON IT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION GIVEN BY NEOGOV, ITS AFFILIATES, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES SHALL MODIFY THE FOREGOING OR CREATE ANY WARRANTY. NEOGOV EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY THAT THE INFORMATION ON THESE SERVICES OR ON THE INTERNET GENERALLY WILL BE UNINTERRUPTABLE OR ERROR FREE OR THAT ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, OR OTHER MATERIAL ACCESSIBLE FROM THE SERVICES IS FREE OF MALWARE OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU SHALL HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO RECOURSE AGAINST NEOGOV AS THE SERVICE PROVIDER FOR ANY ALLEGED OR ACTUAL INFRINGEMENT OF ANY PROPRIETARY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE IN ANYTHING YOU POST ON OUR SERVICES. NEOGOV MAKES NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER THAT YOU WILL OBTAIN ANY JOB VIA THE SERVICES, NOR ANY WARRANTIES ABOUT (AND TAKE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR) ANY JOB YOU MAY OBTAIN.
NEOGOV DOES NOT AND CANNOT CONTROL THE FLOW OF DATA TO OR FROM THE NEOGOV SERVICES AND OTHER PORTIONS OF THE INTERNET. SUCH FLOW DEPENDS IN LARGE PART ON THE PERFORMANCE OF INTERNET SERVICES PROVIDED OR CONTROLLED BY THIRD PARTIES. AT TIMES, ACTIONS OR INACTIONS OF SUCH THIRD PARTIES CAN IMPAIR OR DISRUPT YOUR CONNECTIONS TO THE INTERNET (OR PORTIONS THEREOF). ALTHOUGH NEOGOV WILL USE COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS TO TAKE ALL ACTIONS IT DEEMS APPROPRIATE TO REMEDY AND AVOID SUCH EVENTS, NEOGOV CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT SUCH EVENTS WILL NOT OCCUR. ACCORDINGLY, NEOGOV DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY RESULTING FROM OR RELATED TO SUCH EVENTS.
NEOGOV SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, COSTS, EXPENSES OR OTHER CONSEQUENCES INCURRED BY YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY AS A RESULT OF DELAY IN OR INABILITY TO DELIVER ANY WEBSITES DUE TO CIRCUMSTANCES OR EVENTS BEYOND NEOGOV’S REASONABLE CONTROL, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION: (A) ACTS OF GOD; (B) CHANGES IN OR IN THE INTERPRETATION OF ANY LAW, RULE, REGULATION, OR ORDINANCE; (C) STRIKES, LOCKOUTS, OR OTHER LABOR PROBLEMS; (D) TRANSPORTATION DELAYS; (E) UNAVAILABILITY OF SUPPLIES OR MATERIALS; (F) FIRE OR EXPLOSION; (G) RIOT, MILITARY ACTION, OR USURPED POWER; OR (H) ACTIONS OR FAILURES TO ACT ON THE PART OF A GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY.
Liability Limitations
NEOGOV DOES NOT ASSUME ANY LEGAL LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF ANY INFORMATION, APPARATUS, PRODUCT, SOFTWARE, OR PROCESS USED OR DISCLOSED ON THE SERVICES OR ANY OTHER MATERIAL ACCESSIBLE FROM THE SERVICES. NEOGOV MAY MAKE MODIFICATIONS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE SERVICES OR IN THE INFORMATION, PROGRAMS, SOFTWARE, AND MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES AT ANY TIME AND FOR ANY REASON. YOU ASSUME THE SOLE RISK OF MAKING USE AND/OR RELYING ON THE INFORMATION, SERVICES, PROGRAMS, AND MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL NEOGOV BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICES UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE, CAUSE OF ACTION, OR THEORY OF LIABILITY, OR DUE TO ANY EVENT WHATSOEVER, EVEN IF NEOGOV HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OR THE EXCLUSION OF WARRANTY SET FORTH ABOVE IS HELD INAPPLICABLE OR UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, THEN NEOGOV’S MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY TYPE OF DAMAGES SHALL BE LIMITED TO $100.00 USD.
WITHOUT LIMITATION OF THE FOREGOING, EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF NEOGOV’S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF NEOGOV FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AGAINST NEOGOV UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED ($100.00) U.S. DOLLARS. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS CUMULATIVE WITH ALL PAYMENTS FOR CLAIMS OR DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT BEING AGGREGATED TO DETERMINE SATISFACTION OF THE LIMIT. THE EXISTENCE OF ONE OR MORE CLAIMS WILL NOT ENLARGE THE LIMIT. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY REFLECTS AN INFORMED, VOLUNTARY ALLOCATION BETWEEN THE PARTIES OF THE RISKS (KNOWN AND UNKNOWN) THAT MAY EXIST IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND HAS BEEN TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT AND REFLECTED IN DETERMINING THE CONSIDERATION TO BE GIVEN BY EACH PARTY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND IN THE DECISION BY EACH PARTY TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.
Privacy Policy
You understand, acknowledge, and agree that the operation of certain programs, services, tools, materials, or information of the Websites requires the submission, use, and dissemination of various personal identifying information. Accordingly, if you wish to access and use those programs, services, tools, materials, or information of the Websites, you acknowledge and agree that your use of the Websites will constitute acceptance of the Privacy Policy. For a summary of information collection and use practices see Governmentjobs’ Privacy Policy. 
Miscellaneous
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and NEOGOV as a result of this agreement or your use of the Websites.
NEOGOV's performance of these terms and conditions is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in them will diminish NEOGOV's right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Websites or information provided to or gathered by NEOGOV with respect to such use.
These terms represent the entire binding agreement between you and NEOGOV, and our respective successors and assigns, and supersedes any and all prior understanding, statements, or representations, whether electronic, oral, or written, regarding NEOGOV, its Websites, or the information thereon. A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
You may not assign any part of this Agreement without NEOGOV’s prior written consent. No waiver of any obligation or right of either party shall be effective unless in writing, executed by the party against whom it is being enforced.
These terms shall be governed by California and relevant federal laws, and irrevocable consent is hereby granted by both parties to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any action or dispute in the state and federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California, U.S.A. Use of these Websites is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, this paragraph. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, these terms shall be severable and construed to the extent of their enforceability in light of the parties' mutual intent if deemed at all unenforceable by a competent court. If any clause herein is found illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, the clause shall be modified in compliance with applicable law in a manner that most closely matches the intent of the original language. Given the nature of these terms, you understand and agree that, in addition to money damages, NEOGOV will be entitled to equitable relief upon a breach of them by you. Failure by NEOGOV to insist on strict performance of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement will not operate as a waiver by NEOGOV of that or any subsequent default or failure of performance.
GovernmentJobs.com privacy policy
Governmentjobs.com, Inc. (dba “NEOGOV”) is committed to protecting user privacy and transparency regarding how we use your information. Privacy is considered throughout the entire NEOGOV product lifecycle - from inception, to production, and ongoing support.
This document defines NEOGOV’s privacy policy for Governmentjobs.com (the “Privacy Policy”) with respect to notices, how information is collected, used, shared, secured, and choices regarding use, consent, access, security and privacy, correction of your information, disclosure to third parties, and information quality.
Introduction
This policy will apply where NEOGOV (also referred to as “we”, or “us”) is acting as a data controller with respect to your personal data; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of processing of personal data. Please note, NEOGOV is also considered a data processor for NEOGOV Customers that maintain personal information you provide them. The definition of personal information may depend upon your location. This Privacy Policy does not apply where NEOGOV is considered a data processor.
By visiting or using any part of the Websites you must explicitly consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy including the rights to collect, use, and disclose certain personal information consistent with the descriptions herein. Your consent is obtained before personal information is transferred to NEOGOV.
We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our Websites, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can specify whether you would like to receive communications and limit the publication of your information.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into the Governmentjobs.com Terms of Service , and applies to personal information NEOGOV, and Affiliated Companies (entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with Governmentjobs.com, Inc.), collect and use on or through Governmentjobs.com (the “Websites”).
NEOGOV reserves the right to revise our Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our online information practices or to comply with the law by publishing a new version on our website. In circumstances where changes to this Privacy Policy materially change the way in which we collect or use your personal information, we will provide you notice. Should you desire to continue your use of Governmentjobsb.com after modification of this Privacy Policy, you must consent to the new terms herein prior to your use. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy. You will be notified via email or notice posted on a NEOGOV webpage if personal information is no longer used for a previously named purpose.
If at any time you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to E-mail us at  privacy@governmentjobs.com .
Information You Share with Us and How We Use It
We require certain information to provide our services to you and collect certain information while you are on the Websites. For example, you must have an account with us in order to apply to a job through Governmentjobs.com.
In this Section we set out:
general categories of personal data we may process;
in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
the legal bases of the processing.
NEOGOV will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. Personal information will only be collected, used, and retained as necessary for the purposes stated herein for which you have provided explicit consent, or as required by law or regulation. Data will be appropriately disposed of when no longer needed.
NEOGOV restricts access to your personal information to essential NEOGOV employees and Third Parties on a “need to know” basis. We do not disclose information about your individual visits to GovernmentJobs.com. For personal data subject to the GDPR, we rely on multiple legal bases to process the data, which includes when you have given your consent (which can be revoked by deleting your account or deleting profile data), when the processing is necessary to perform a contract (such as the Terms of Service), our legitimate business interests (such as developing the Websites), marketing new features or products, proper administration of our website and business, ensuring safety and security, and as required by law.
We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). Usage data is gathered automatically when you visit the web pages to help us better serve you. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, device ID, cookie information, software and hardware attributes, the pages you visit, referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g. HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, search terms entered on the site, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site. We may process this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our servers, administer our Websites, determine data’s country of origin, help prevent fraud, identify clickstreams that led you to our Websites, and determine what enhancements to implement. The legal basis for this processing is legitimate interests in monitoring and improving our website and services.
We may process your account data ("account data"). The account data may include your name, email address, and password. You are the source of the account data provided to us. The account data may be processed for the purposes of providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, to detect, investigate and prevent activities that violate our policies or the law, maintaining back-ups of our databases, providing customer support, communicating with you about feature updates and services, and to inform you of other job opportunities, products, and services.
We may process your information included in your applicant profile ("profile data"). Your applicant profile can be created while applying to a job or created separately. It also can be created by signing up via Facebook. Data points within the applicant profile include: first and last name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, resume, driver’s license, proof of right to work in the United States, work experience, education history, certifications and licenses, applicant skills and languages, personal references, and any other supplemental information added at your sole discretion. Profile data will be processed for your future use of the Websites, to allow you to apply or post jobs, where you opt-in to additional services provided by NEOGOV or Affiliate Parties (such as providing future job opportunities or making your applicant profile public to NEOGOV Customers), and as required or where there is a reasonable belief disclosure is required by law or regulation. Please note, NEOGOV Customers have the option to request additional personal data during the application process that is not requested, owned, or used by NEOGOV.
We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services ("publication data"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services.
We may process information contained in any inquiry you submit to us regarding goods, services, and customer support ("inquiry data"). The inquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing, and selling relevant goods and/or services to you.
NEOGOV uses service providers and third-parties to help us operate, maintain, and deliver our Websites and services. NEOGOV may allow these third parties to collect, use, or share your personal information for (i) the identified purposes described herein, (ii) to facilitate your use of the Websites, (iii) where you explicitly provide your consent, or (iv) where there is a reasonable belief that disclosure is required by law or regulations. Personal information will not be disclosed to third parties for new uses or purposes unless you have given prior explicit consent. Third parties may include payment processing companies, background check providers, online assessment providers, communication providers, analytics companies, fulfillment companies, and payment processing companies. More specifically:
We may allow payment processing companies to process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter on the payment processor website ("transaction data"). Where applicable, we may send your name and address to payment processing companies to facilitate your transaction.
We may process your information for background check services you choose to participate in for job applications. This data may include a URL to the full background check report (which requires login to the third-party system), current status of the background check report (pending, clear, or review), and your name, zip code, phone number, and email address to facilitate your use of the service with the background check company. The source of this data is you and the background check company. This data may be processed for the purpose of providing information on the status of the background check and facilitating access to the full report. You have a right to the data the background check company retains on you and you will automatically be provided a copy of your results via e-mail upon completion of background check processing.
We may process online assessment information. This data may include assessment scores/percentages, and URLs to the full assessment results (which require login to the third-party system). The source of this data is the online assessment company. This data may be processed for facilitating access to the full assessment and communicating applicant assessment results to you and the NEOGOV Customer who requested administration of the assessment.
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters, providing status on background checks, online assessments, and payment receipts, or providing you information on future job opportunities. You can update your email preferences to control notifications you receive from NEOGOV and NEOGOV Customers and unsubscribe from a notification by following instructions contained within the notification.
We may share aggregated and de-personalized information (so that personal information is not revealed) with business partners and use machine learning techniques on metadata and cookie data, in order to provide NEOGOV Customers with useful insights from the data they collected using NEOGOV services to build features, improve our Websites, and to develop aggregated data products.
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data”). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you, record-keeping, and to help prevent fraud and abuse.
NEOGOV reserves the right to process information if legally required to do so, or at our discretion pursuant to a request from a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith (after considering privacy interests and other factors) that such action is necessary to: meet legal requirements, comply with legal process, protect NEOGOV rights, property, or our Affiliated Companies, investigate fraud, prevent a crime or protect national security, or protect the personal safety of users or public. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights, and the legal rights of others.
We may process certain personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice.
NEOGOV may disclose and transfer personal information to a third party who acquires any or all of NEOGOV’s business units, whether this is by way of a merger or purchase of all or a substantial portion of NEOGOV assets. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information as transferred to the new entity. If NEOGOV is the subject of an insolvency proceeding, information retained by NEOGOV will be disposed of in a transaction approved by the court. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the transition services in the event of a merger, purchase, or insolvency.
Information We Share for Partnerships and Integrations
In the limited circumstances where we disclose personal data, we do so subject to your control, where it’s necessary to provide you our services, or where it is required by law. We enter confidentiality and data processing terms with any party who may process personal data, and we regularly review their standards and practices. On your instruction, if you choose to use one of the integrations mentioned in section 2.8, we share information or data with that party to facilitate your use of that API.
We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
As previously mentioned in Section 2.8., financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, CyberSource (VISA), JP Morgan Chase, Merchant e-Solutions, and Braintree. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments, and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
We may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
When you are on the Websites, you may be presented the opportunity to visit or link to other websites, including websites by third parties unaffiliated with NEOGOV. NEOGOV has no relationship or control over these websites. These websites might collect personal information about you, and because this Privacy Policy does not address the information practices of those unaffiliated websites, you should review the privacy policies of such other websites to see how they treat your personal information. Use of such websites are at your own risk.
Information Collected by NEOGOV Customers – Where NEOGOV is a Data Processor
Certain information requested and collected through the Websites is at the direction of NEOGOV Customers (defined below). In these instances, NEOGOV is a data processor on behalf of NEOGOV Customers (the data controller). Other than information gathered for your account and applicant profile (where NEOGOV is still the data controller), data collected by Customers through the Websites is dependent upon what Customers request of their applicants. In other words, insofar as we act as a data processor, this policy shall not apply. Our legal obligations as a data processor are instead set out in contracts between us and NEOGOV Customers or via internet privacy frameworks.
NEOGOV Customers (defined as government employers including but not limited to states governments, cities, counties, other municipalities, federal governments, K-12, special districts, law enforcement, colleges, universities, academies, seminaries, and institutes of technology) maintain personal information about you which is collected from accounts or forms you complete, transactions you conduct, and communications you have. You understand for job applications accepted by NEOGOV Customers, the respective NEOGOV Customer determines which authorized users (NEOGOV Customer employees) have access to the information you submit, as well as the default data retention periods of your personal information within NEOGOV’s servers.
If you apply to a job, provide information to show interest in a job, or reply to a message from an NEOGOV Customer, you consent to disclosing your information to the NEOGOV Customer for their authorized users to complete recruitment and hiring processes and to contact you, including for future job opportunities.
The general personal information processed by NEOGOV on behalf of Customers includes: full name, driver’s license, address, resume, cover letter, professional references, date of birth, prior work history, phone number, email, birth date, criminal history, writing samples, transcripts, education history, ethnicity, race, disability status, veteran status, social security number, and nepotism status. NEOGOV Customers have the option to ask for any additional information of applicants and employees. The information collected and retained by NEOGOV Customers is owned solely by the NEOGOV Customer, and NEOGOV has no ownership in such information. You should contact the NEOGOV Customer for more information on what information they maintain about you.
About Cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies We Use
When your browser or device allows it, we use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our services, to monitor aggregate usage patterns, and to personalize and otherwise operate our services.
We also use cookies for the following purposes:
authentication - to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website;
status - to help us to determine if you are logged into our website;
personalization - to store information about your preferences and to personalize our website for you;
security - as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials and to protect our website and services generally;
advertising - to help us display advertisements that will be relevant to you;
analysis - to help us analyze the use and performance of our website and services.
Cookies Used by Our Third-Party Providers
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our Website.
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website.
We, and other third parties we work with, place cookies when you visit the Websites and when you open emails that we send you in order to provide you more specific content about services we or our third-party providers offer. For instance, we publish Google AdSense advertisements on our website. To determine your interests, Google will track your behavior on our website and on other websites across the web using cookies.
Managing Cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser and from version to version. Please refer to your browser documentation on how to manage your cookies.
Blocking all or some cookies may have a negative impact upon the usability of the Websites.
Your Rights
Certain users (European users in particular) have certain legal rights to obtain information about whether we hold personal information about them, to access personal information we hold about them, and to obtain its correction, update, amendment, or deletion in appropriate circumstances. Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions. In particular, your rights may include:
Data Access Rights
Right to Object To Processing
Right to Withdraw Consent; and
Data Portability Rights
We will respond to your request to exercise your rights within a reasonable time and no longer than 30 days from receipt of your request. In this section, we have summarized the rights you may have under data protection laws. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we, or our affiliated background check and online assessment companies, process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data. To see whether information on you is retained on Governmentjobs.com database servers, please contact customer support. In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to request copies of your personal information held by us and you have the right to receive your personal data from us. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. You have a right to a copy of your information. You can print a copy of your profile information using your web browser and download your attachments at any time by logging into your account and following the download process.
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified. You can update or delete your Governmentjobs.com Profile at any time. To change or delete information on your Profile, login to Governmentjobs.com and follow the prompts to either “update my profile” or “delete my profile.” For inquiries related to resetting your account contact customer support at: support@GovernmentJobs.com .
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; and the personal data has been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims. You have the option to change and delete your personal information via your account settings of your profile at any time.
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict or object to the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful, but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest. You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights, and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
In some instances, if you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. If you do not want your account and profile information to be collected, used, maintained, or shared as described by this policy, you may revoke your consent by deleting your account or profile information. However, should you revoke your consent to this Privacy Policy by deleting your account, your Profile information will be removed from our Websites as well as any personal information shared with third parties listed in Section 2.8, and you may not access or utilize the NEOGOV Websites until you consent to this Privacy Policy again. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
Although you may submit personal information requested by NEOGOV Customers through NEOGOV Websites, upon submission, the information collected becomes the property of the NEOGOV Customer (the Data Controller). NEOGOV is a data processor of NEOGOV Customer information in this regard. NEOGOV Customers store personal information they receive from applicants and employees on NEOGOV servers and they control the type(s) of information requested of applicants and employees, and how long such information is retained. This personal information is exclusively Customer property and NEOGOV maintains no rights to such data. Therefore, if you would like to access, review, or correct your personal information that was collected by a NEOGOV Customer, you should contact the NEOGOV Customer with any such inquiry. NEOGOV will cooperate with such inquiry to the extent it is permitted under NEOGOV’s confidentiality and privacy obligations.
Retention, Deletion, And Removal
This Section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
More specifically, NEOGOV retains your information for as long as your Account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Upon your deletion of any data point within the Profile, it will be removed from the Website database server.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
NEOGOV shall dispose of your personal information in a manner designed to ensure that it cannot be reconstructed or read.
Data Security and Integrity
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain accuracy, and ensure correct use of information, NEOGOV has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. NEOGOV uses commercially reasonable physical and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. These safeguards include limiting access to data, storing your personal information on secure servers and computers, and periodically testing our security technology.
In the event NEOGOV believes the security of your personal information in NEOGOV’s possession or control may be compromised, NEOGOV may seek to notify you by e-mail and you consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification.
All personal data will be encrypted at rest and in transit.
You should ensure that your password is not susceptible to being guessed, whether by a person or a computer program. You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website confidential and we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our website).
NEOGOV has contractual obligations with our vendors to ensure personal information is protected from unauthorized access or disclosure. Furthermore, NEOGOV employees must abide by NEOGOV’s Privacy Policy. Only authorized employees have access to personal information and that access is limited to what is reasonably needed to perform an employee's responsibilities. NEOGOV employees who violate our policies are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Information on Children
This Website is not directed at children under the age of thirteen (13). NEOGOV does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) on our Website. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of thirteen (13) on our Website, we will delete the information from our records.
NEOGOV Details
This website is owned and operated by com, Inc. Our principal place of business is at 300 Continental Blvd., El Segundo, CA. You can contact us using our website contact, by telephone, on the contact number published on our website from time to time; or by email.
Data Protection Officer and Representative
Our representative within the European Union with respect to our obligations under data protection law, and our data protection officer is Matko Dodig and you can contact our representative by email at dpo@governmentjobs.com .
Job Search
