The Internet contains a wealth of information and it may also contain personal details about you that you don't want everyone to know. At Cruise Critic we strive to assist our participants in protecting their privacy while using our web site.
We have adopted the following Principles of Privacy, which summarize and clarify that commitment: how we safeguard your privacy and how we treat personal information. We understand that for you to take full advantage of our interactive medium, we must do everything we can to ensure that your privacy is secure.
If we at any time ask for any personal information, we will not give it out to anyone unless you tell us to do so     or unless specifically noted on contest entry forms that it will be shared with a contest sponsor. Also, if you choose     to subscribe to our newsletter, join our forums or make a purchase from our store, Cruise Critic may send you     information about updates to our site, invitations to special events and promotions we feel may be of interest to     you.
We do not give out to others information about where you personally go on Cruise Critic.
Cruise Critic welcomes the participation of all age groups at our web site. Thus, we take extra steps to     protect the safety and privacy of children and teens: we will never knowingly collect any information from     children or teens.  Also, all content on our web site will be suitable for children and teenagers.
Participants should be aware that when you are on any web site, you could be directed to other sites when     you click on an advertising banner. Clicking on an ad banner may take you off our online site. Cruise Critic     wants you to be aware that other sites may send their own cookies to participants, collect data or solicit     personal information over which we have no control.
We will keep you informed, clearly and prominently, about what we do with any personal information you may     supply to us, and we will advise you if we change our policy.
Information Collected by Third Parties. Third parties, such as vendors, advertising entities, and     business partners, may use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your online activities.     The purposes for collecting this information include: to measure usage of our site; to analyze, modify, and     personalize advertising content on this and other sites; and to provide ads about goods and services that may be     of interest to you.  We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features these third parties may     use, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.  Some of these     third parties may be third-party network advertisers that offer you the option of not having this information     collected.  To learn more, please click here http://www.networkadvertising.org/ .
Email newsletters. If you wish to unsubscribe from our email newsletters at any time, please utilize the     Update Profile link at the bottom of any of our mailings.
The Independent Traveler
Suite 330
For additional information regarding our Principles of Privacy, please contact community@cruisecritic.com
Want to cruise smarter?
Subscribe
Submit
International Sites
×
Become a cruise insider
Get the best cruise deals, along with the latest news and insider tips, right to your inbox
Thank you for Signing Up
Now help us get to know you better to enhance your experience.
Please select your areas of interest:
Adventure
Beach
Budget
Family
Luxury
River
Romantic
Singles
Username
Password
Forgot Your Password?
No problem. Just enter your email address below — we'll send you a link to reset                                 it.
Email or Username
Here's how to reset your password:
Check your inbox for our email with a link to help you log in to Cruise Critic.
Click the link in the email to reset your password.
P.S. This link will only be valid for 24 hours.
Done
Welcome to Cruise Critic
Date of Birth
I have read, and agree to abide by, the Cruise Critic Community Guidelines .
Sign Up
You have successfully registered. Enjoy your time on the site!
Close
Cruise Critic Community Guidelines
Welcome to Cruise Critic; we're happy you decided to register to become a Cruise Critic Member.
Forum Rules
Important:  Do Not Use Your REAL NAME as your USER NAME
Important:  Please disable your email verification software so that you receive our activation e-mail.  Please add @cruisecritic.com to your email safelist.
Please respect that this is a MODERATED community for people who absolutely LOVE cruise travel or want to learn about cruise travel.
Registration to Cruise Critic's Cruise Community is free!  We require that you use a valid e-mail address.  You will receive an e-mail asking you to verify your e-mail address before you are allowed to login and post on the boards.  Again, please disable your spamblocking or verification software so that you receive our activation e-mail.  Also, as a member of Cruise Critic you will receive copies of our weekly newsletter plus our "Cruise Sails" and one "Member Offer" mailing.   Should you not want to continue to receive these e-mailings, simply unsubscribe by following the directions in the newsletter.  By agreeing to become a member, you are agreeing to receipt of our newsletters.
Additionally, we do insist that you abide by the rules and policies detailed at this link: Community Guidelines .
This is a moderated Community. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Web site and do not wish to be bound by them, please do not use this Web site or continue the registration process. Cruise Critic reserves the right to remove any content in its sole discretion.  Additionally, if you violate our Community Guidelines you may lose your posting privileges -- permanently -- without warning. By continuing the registration you are agreeing to the terms
These are moderated message boards.  What this means is that we do our best  to remove all objectionable messages from the boards.  It also means that you cannot say whatever you'd like on the forums.  If you are looking for an "anything goes" setting, Cruise Critic might not be the place for you.  Understand, too, that our community is comprised of folks who LOVE to cruise.  It therefore stands to reason that they will have a favorite cruise line or port of call -- in other words, they are "fans" and will sometimes take offense when a brand new member has arrived on the scene to bash a cruise line.
Keep in mind that we do not prescreen posts so there may be a period of time when an inappropriate post is visible.   Please use the Report A Post icon located in the UPPER right hand corner of each posting if you wish to report a violation of our Community Guidelines.   All messages express the views of the author, and neither the owners of Cruise Critic Message Board Forums, nor Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. (developers of vBulletin) will be held responsible for the content of any message.
By agreeing to these rules, you warrant that you will not post any messages that are obscene, vulgar, sexually-orientated, hateful, threatening, are in violation of our Community Guidelines  or otherwise violative of any laws.
Cruise Critic reserves to right to remove, edit, move or close any thread (discussion) for any reason from the forums without warning. or notification to the Community.  Additionally, we also reserve the right to deny posting privileges to any member at our sole discretion.
You hereby grant Cruise Critic the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display any message posted in our message board community  (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or later developed.
Our mission is to provide a haven on the Internet free of harassment and advertising for our community members' enjoyment.  Any company or person(s) that interfere with that mission risk losing their posting privileges.
If you have any questions about how our community is moderated, please address them to our Community Manager via e-mail at community@cruisecritic.com.  Please do not post on the boards.
Thank you,
