40% off
Your coupon will be applied to the highest regular-price, eligible item in your cart.
Sign up and Start Saving
Join our email list to receive our Weekly Ad, special promotions, coupons, fun project ideas and store news.
Email address
This privacy policy (the "Policy") explains how information about you is collected, used, and disclosed by Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. (“Hobby Lobby,” “we” or “us”) when you access or use our internet websites, mobile websites, mobile applications, emails, or other online, mobile, or application based services (collectively the "Service"), sign up for our mailing list, and shop in our stores.
Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us: We collect any information that you submit to us voluntarily through the Service or provide to us in any other way. We collect information when you create an online account or profile; log-on with a social media account; use the interactive areas and features of our Service; make an online or in-store purchase; request customer service; participate in contests, promotions, or mailing lists; and when you email, call, or otherwise communicate with us. For example, when you make a purchase through our Service, we may collect transaction information, such as your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information, phone number, and email address.
Information Collected Automatically: We receive and store certain types of information automatically when you interact with our Service, emails, and online advertising. This information may include your IP address, browsing behavior while on our site, browser and device characteristics, referring URLs, the operating system you are using, and third party links, advertisements, offers from our partners that you click on or other content that you may access or download from the Service, and other information collected by our third party vendors such as Google, Microsoft, IBM, and Evergage.   Details for the information collected by Google can be found at <https://privacy.google.com/your-data.html>, by Microsoft at <https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacy>, by IBM at <https://www.ibm.com/privacy/details/us/en/>and by Evergage at < https://www.evergage.com/privacy-policy/>.
 
Cookies and Tracking Technologies: We, and our third party vendors , use first-party cookies (such as Google Marketing Platform), third-party cookies, and related tracking technologies to deliver and enhance the use of the Service, and inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your history with our websites.  We also use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits on our website.  A “cookie” is a small amount of data that is stored on a user's computer serving as an anonymous unique identifier and allowing the website to recognize future visits from that user’s computer. We use tracking cookies to analyze user behavior on our Service. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user, to offer personalized web page content and information for your use, and to otherwise facilitate your experience in connection with our Service. Most browsers automatically accept cookies as the default setting, but you may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits. Please be aware, however, that doing so may affect your use of the Service (such as impeding you from logging in to your account) and hampering your ability to access certain features of our Service.
We may use “web beacons” or “pixel tags” to compile tracking information related to our email campaigns. A “web beacon” or “tracking pixel” is an often-transparent graphic image, usually no larger than 1 pixel x 1 pixel, that is placed on a web site or in an email that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the web site or sending the email. It is often used in combination with cookies. We do not have the capability to recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals.  
 
Display Advertising: In providing the Service, we may utilize analytics and ad serving tools provided by third parties such as Google and Microsoft, including, but not limited to Google Marketing Platform, Google Ads, and Bing Ads to support display advertising. 
How We Use Your Information
Pursuant to the terms of this Policy, we may use the information we collect from you to: 
• provide and deliver products and services, process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations, invoices, updates, security alerts, recall notices and support and administrative messages;
• investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities;
• respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
• communicate with you about Hobby Lobby and partner products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events, and other information we think will be of interest to you;
• monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities;
 
 
Sharing Your Information
The information we collect is used to improve the content and the quality of our Service, and without your consent we will not otherwise sell, license or share your personal information to/with any other party(s) for commercial purposes, except: (a) to provide the Service, (b) when we have your permission, and/or (c) or under the following instances:
Affiliates: We may share the information we collect with our subsidiaries and affiliates, for operational, marketing and promotional purposes.
Credit Card Provider: We may share the information we collect with our banking partners, including U.S. Bancorp, which issues the Hobby Lobby Rewards Visa Card.
Service Providers: We may share your information with our third-party service providers that support various aspects of our business operations (e.g., web hosting, storage, shipping, fulfillment, mobile marketing, analytics providers, call center service providers, sweepstakes vendors, and payment processors). When we do use an outside company, we use contractual or other appropriate means to ensure that personal information is used in a manner that is consistent with this Policy.
Legal Disclosure and Business Transfers: We may disclose your information as permitted or required by law without your consent, if we are compelled to release information by a court of law or other person or entity with jurisdiction to compel production of such information (e.g., subpoenas). Additionally, if we have reasonable grounds to believe information could be useful in the investigation or prevention of improper or unlawful activity (i.e., suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use ), we may disclose information voluntarily to law enforcement agencies or other appropriate investigative bodies without obtaining your consent before doing so.
Hobby Lobby may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including any information we collect from you, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, change in control, or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
Links to Third-Party Websites
Our Service contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by "clicking on" a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third-party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
Social Media Sharing
The Service may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, and Pinterest, which let you share actions you take on the Service with other media, and vice versa.  The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. The fact that we link to or provide integrated tools for sharing with social media sites is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that social media site, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.  For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features.
Securing Your Personal Info
Hobby Lobby endeavors to safeguard your personal information to ensure that such personal information is protected from loss, theft, unauthorized access, or disclosure. However, hardware or software failure, the inherent insecurity of the Internet and other factors, may compromise the security of your information at any time. Therefore we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
Children and Minors
The Service is not intended for use by minors under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly solicit any information from or market to such minors. If you are a parent or legal guardian who discovers that your child has provided us with information without your consent, please contact us . 
Changes
We may periodically update this Policy at our sole discretion. We will post any changes to this Policy to our website, and if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, in some cases, email notification of such changes). Please ensure that your primary email address on file with us is correct. You can update or correct certain information through the Service. To do so, please visit the Hobby Lobby email preference center , where you can access and modify your individual preferences and some of your personal information, or contact us by email by clicking here .
Opting Out
We may send you communications regarding our Service, including (without limitation): (a) notices about your use of our Service (including any notices regarding violations of such use), (b) updates to our Service, and (c) promotional information and materials related to our Service.  You may opt out of receiving the promotional emails sent by us at any time by visiting our site and modifying your individual preferences or by contacting us with your specific request.  Please note, however, that opt-out requests will not apply to non-promotional system messages (e.g., transactional service messages, security alerts, update notices).
Contacting Us
Please contact us with any questions, comments or concerns about this Policy.
 
 
Your access and use of the Site, is subject to the terms and conditions contained in these terms of use (the "Terms"). By accessing or otherwise using the Site, you ("visitor" "you" or "your") agree to be bound by these Terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE . We may revise these Terms from time to time with notice to you by email or by posting such revised Terms to the Site. Your continued use of the Site will confirm your acceptance of the revised Terms. We encourage you to frequently review the Terms to ensure you understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Site.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL HOBBY LOBBY, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE OR CONTENT) HOWEVER CAUSED, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT, TORT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED AS TO THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, HOBBY LOBBY'S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY AND THAT OF OUR AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS, TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE OF ACTION WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION WILL BE LIMITED TO FIFTY U.S. DOLLARS ($50.00). THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF A FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY OTHER REMEDY. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE ABOVE PROVISIONS FAIRLY ALLOCATE THE RISK BETWEEN THE PARTIES, WITHOUT WHICH THEY WOULD NOT HAVE ENTERED INTO THESE TERMS.
 
 
Portions of our Site may utilize the following copyrighted material of third party vendors (collectively, the "Third Party Vendors"), the use of which is hereby acknowledged. Your use of the Site is also subject to the following Third Party Vendors' terms and conditions:
a. AFNetworking (Copyright © 2011 Gowalla (http://gowalla.com/))
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
b. Google Toolbox for Mac (Copyright 2006-2008 Google Inc.)
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
c. iCarousel (Version 1.8, September 3, 2013 Copyright © 2011 Charcoal Design)
This software is provided "as-is" without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software. Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions: 1) The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgement in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required;2) Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software;3) This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
d. MBProgressHUD (Copyright © 2011 Matej Bukovinski)
This code is distributed under the terms and conditions of the MIT license. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
 
 
 
 
 
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement if they comply with the law and are properly provided to us. Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(2), our designated agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement in connection with the Site is:
ATTN: DMCA Agent
Fax (405) 745-1721
Phone (405) 745-1854
 
 
 
 
We welcome any feedback, suggestions for improvements to the Site, as well as any questions, issues, concerns or other inquiries related to the Site. Please feel free to contact us at any time. Alternatively, you may reach us at our mailing address as follows:
Hobby Lobby
Oklahoma City, OK 73179
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE PLACING ANY ORDERS THROUGH OUR SITE.
 
 
By placing an order for Items through the Site (an "Order"), you agree to be bound by these Terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, YOU MUST NOT ORDER ITEMS FROM OUR SITE. Additionally, by placing an Order through the Site, you represent that you are at least 18 years old and have the legal capacity to enter into a binding contract with Hobby Lobby. If you are purchasing Items on behalf of a business, by accepting these Terms, you confirm that you have authority to bind such business to a contract with Hobby Lobby.
Your purchase of Items through the Site is also subject to the HobbyLobby.com Terms of Use and Hobby Lobby Privacy Policy, both of which are incorporated in their entirety into these Terms by this reference. In the event of a conflict between the Terms of Use and these Terms, these Terms shall prevail. PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS, INCLUDING A REQUIREMENT THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND HOBBY LOBBY BE RESOLVED THROUGH ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS.
 
 
 
 
To place an Order for Items through the Site, you must add the Items to your shopping cart, and complete the check-out process, including providing us with a valid mailing address, email and payment information. Once an Order is submitted, you may not change or cancel that Order. Please refer to our Return/Exchange Policy below for information on how to return Items you may have ordered in error. After you submit your Order, we will provide you with an Order confirmation through the Site and to the email address that you provided to us. The Order confirmation means that your Order request has been received by us; it does not mean that your Order has been accepted or shipped or that the price or availability of an Item has been confirmed. We reserve the right to reject an Order, at any time, and for any reason, in our sole discretion, including if you have not met the conditions specified at the time of the Order, if your payment cannot be processed, if the ordered Items are not available, or for errors on the Site or made in connection with your Order.
 
 
The prices listed for Items available through the Site do not include shipping, handling or taxes, if applicable. Prior to you submitting your credit card or other payment method, we will add all applicable shipping, handling and taxes to the price for the Items you are purchasing. You will have an opportunity to review the shipping, handling, and taxes before you complete your Order. Each Item in your shopping cart is shown at the current price. The Site does not have a price match guarantee. We will not match the advertised price other retailers offer for the same Items. If you have questions regarding the price of an Item or the associated shipping, handling, or taxes please contact Customer Service at 1-800-888-0321.
 
 
If you are not completely satisfied with the Items you have purchased through the Site you may return your Items to us within 30 days of the date of your purchase, subject to the following conditions (the "Return/Exchange Policy"):
To return an Item, you must complete the return form provided with your Order and send it to:
hobbylobby.com
7717 SW 44th Street
Oklahoma City, OK 73179
Items returned must be in sellable condition. Opened or used merchandise cannot be returned.
Shipping and handling charges will not be refunded.
We are unable to accept returns on opened software, music, DVDs, games or electronic devices.
Gift cards cannot be returned or redeemed for cash or credit except where required by law.
Hobby Lobby Stores cannot accept returns for Items purchased through the Site and the Site will not accept returns of Items purchased in Hobby Lobby Stores.
Seasonal merchandise in sellable condition must be returned within 30 days of the purchase.
Clearance items are non-returnable.
If you have received damaged, broken, or defective Items please contact Customer Service at 1-800-888-0321 before returning the Item(s).
We reserve the right to deny any return if it fails to meet the above conditions, in our sole determination.
If eligible, you will receive a refund for the purchase price of the Items and applicable sales tax. Credit will be issued to the credit card or other payment method used at the time of purchase. Please allow up to 2 weeks for your return to be processed and credit issued.
If you wish to exchange an Item you purchased through the Site, you may do so by:
Placing an Order through the Site for the new Items.
 
 
All Orders placed on the Site are subject to product availability. We do not guarantee that an entire Order will be shipped together. If individual Items from your Order are determined to be out of stock, we may ship the remaining Items to you, with or without notice to you. All shipping and delivery dates noted on the Site are estimates only. Items ordered through the Site will be shipped according to the following policies:
a. 48 Contiguous United States
Orders are shipped via UPS and/or first class mail
Shipping charges are determined by the sub-total of your Order
Orders are typically processed within 2-3 days of their receipt, however, during peak holiday seasons (e.g., Mother's Day &Christmas) it can take an additional 1-2 business days to process your Order for shipment. Once your Order is shipped, it typically takes anywhere from 1-7 days for delivery to occur.
b. Alaska, Hawaii, US Territories, APO/FPO &PO Boxes
Shipping charges are determined by the sub-total of your Order
Orders are shipped via USPS Priority Mail, Parcel Post or 1st class mail and can take up to several weeks to arrive.
c. International Delivery
d. Gift Cards
 
 
 
 
You may only use promo codes and coupons that specifically state they are valid for use with the Site. Promo codes and coupons may be subject to certain limitations, including but not limited to limits on the number of redemptions, quantities purchased, eligible Items, geographic location, as well as being subject to expiration. You also understand that coupons offered through our Hobby Lobby Stores may not be valid for use on our Site and coupons offered through the Site may not be valid for use within the Hobby Lobby Stores. We reserve the right to refuse to honor any promo code or coupon, if we determine, in our sole discretion, that the promo code or coupon has expired, the Items ordered are ineligible, or that the promo code or coupon is otherwise invalid.
To the extent that any Item available through the Site contains a manufacturer's rebate or similar offer or promotion ("Manufacturer Promotion"), you understand and acknowledge that Hobby Lobby does not manage or have control over and shall not be responsible for any such Manufacturer Promotion, and that the manufacturer is solely responsible for the fulfillment, redemption, and eligibility determination for such Manufacturer Promotion. If you have any questions regarding a Manufacturer Promotion or your eligibility for such Manufacturer Promotion, we encourage you to contact the manufacturer.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We welcome any feedback, suggestions for improvements to the Site, as well as any questions, issues, concerns or other inquiries related to the Site. Please feel free to contact us at any time. Alternatively, you may reach us at our mailing address as follows:
hobbylobby.com
Find and Share Inspiration
Sign up and Start Saving
Email address
