- About Your Privacy on this Site
- Welcome! To bring you the best content on our sites and applications, Meredith partners with third party advertisers to serve digital ads, including personalized digital ads. Those advertisers use tracking technologies to collect information about your activity on our sites and applications and across the Internet and your other apps and devices.
- You always have the choice to experience our sites without personalized advertising based on your web browsing activity by visiting the DAA’s Consumer Choice page , the NAI's website , and/or the EU online choices page , from each of your browsers or devices. To avoid personalized advertising based on your mobile app activity, you can install the DAA’s AppChoices app here . You can find much more information about your privacy choices in our privacy policy .   Even if you choose not to have your activity tracked by third parties for advertising services, you will still see non-personalized ads on our site.
- By clicking continue below and using our sites or applications, you agree that we and our third party advertisers can:
- transfer your personal data to the United States or other countries, and
- process your personal data to serve you with personalized ads, subject to your choices as described above and in our privacy policy .
+ Privacy experts are sounding an alarm over changes to Microsoft’s service agreement, saying it’s filled with vague terms and gives the company the right to review your content without your consent.
+ The update, which goes into effect May 1 , prohibits users from using the services to “publicly display or share inappropriate content or material” including “offensive language” and nudity.
+ Civil rights activist Jonathan Corbett notes the ambiguity of the term “offensive language,” as that definition varies from person to person. It’s worth noting that trash-talking is a regular occurrence among Xbox Live players.
+ “If I call someone a mean name in Xbox Live, not only will they cancel my account, but also confiscate any funds I’ve deposited in my account?,” he asks.
+ Additionally, he notes, couples who engage in sexy video chats when they’re separated could not only be banned, but monitored by the tech giant as the new rules specify “when investigating alleged violations of these Terms, Microsoft reserves the right to review Your Content in order to resolve the issue.”
+ “In 2018, when anyone can be offended by anything, these terms allow Microsoft staff to play unrestrained censor if and when they choose,” says Corbett. ” What’s also clear is that they reserve the right to go through your private data, and these terms seem to pretty clearly allow them to watch and listen to your Skype calls, so long as they are ‘investigating’ something. The terms don’t appear to require any complaint to be filed against you—just that an employee deciding that they want to investigate.”
+ Microsoft did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
+ SPONSORED FINANCIAL CONTENT
+ You May Like
+ Sign Up for Our Newsletters
+ Sign up now to receive FORTUNE's best content, special offers, and much more.
+ Sign Up for Our Newsletters
+ Sign up now to receive FORTUNE's best content, special offers, and much more.
+ © 2018 Time Inc. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy ( Your California Privacy Rights ).
+ Fortune may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.
+ Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data . ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar , Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html .
