  Privacy & Cookies Policy (the “Policy”) 
  You can control online behavioural advertising cookies on this website via your Privacy Settings. Further details on this can be found under "Managing Cookies" in Section 10 below. 
  What this Policy is for?
  This Policy explains how we protect and handle any information you provide to us, including via our websites mobile apps, communications by email and through social media, by telephone and in person. It also covers any information we receive from third parties. It also provides you with an overview of the rights you can exercise regarding what we do with your information.
  By using our products and services, including browsing our websites, registering or logging in, we may use your information as outlined in this Policy.
  Who we are
  dmg media is an international multichannel media company which is home to some of the UK’s most popular brands, including the Daily Mail , The Mail on Sunday , MailOnline , Metro , This Is Money , You Magazine , MyMail , MailPlus , MailShop , MailTravel and MailFinance .
  These brands are all trading styles of Associated Newspapers Ltd., which is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of data protection law.
  If you are a MyMail member and have linked your account with your Nectar Account, Associated Newspapers Ltd. and Nectar Loyalty Ltd. (“Nectar”) will each be data controllers of your personal data. Associated Newspapers Ltd will handle your personal data in accordance with this Policy and Nectar will handle your data in accordance with Nectar’s Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy . 
  1. What kinds of information do we collect:
  Information you’ve provided to us:
  We collect information about you when you provide it to us, including when you create an online account, subscribe to one of our titles, respond to one of our promotions, order or register your interest in one of our products, or post a comment under an article. This could be via your computer browser, via an app, by telephone, or by post.
  Information from your device:
  We collect information from and about the device you are using when you interact with one of our websites, apps or other products/services, including adverts.
  This may include:
  (i) Device Type: Information about your operating system, hardware, software, browser type in order to tailor the experience to your device (e.g. screen resolution).
  (ii) Device Operations: Information about your operations and behaviours performed on your device to tailor the experience based on how you or similar users have interacted with our content.
  (iii) Unique identifiers: device IDs in order to save your preferences against an identifier to refer to on subsequent pages.
  (iv) Device Settings: Information from your device’s setting such as access to your GPS location/Information related to the location of your device so that we know which version of the website to serve you;
  (v) Network/connections: Your IP address, so that we can recognise if you have visited us before and allow your device to communicate with our websites and apps.
  (vi) Cookies: Data from cookies or similar technologies placed on your device which tells us about your use of our websites and/or selected third party websites. Please see Section 10 “Cookies” below for more information about our use of cookies and other similar technologies.
  Information about transactions made
  If you purchase anything or make any other financial transactions on any of our websites/apps, we collect information about your purchase and ask for information including your name, e-mail address and delivery address to be forwarded on to the vendors who are responsible for delivering your order. This does not include payment information such as your credit/debit card number.
  Information from partners
  Where you have registered or created an account with one of our websites, we may obtain information about you from other companies who have obtained your permission (through their own privacy policies) to share information about you. For more information about this, please see “Personalisation/Identifying Your Interests” in Section 2 below. We also obtain information about you via cookies placed on your device when you visit third party websites, but only where you have given these partners appropriate permission. 
  Social media:
  If you log-in to our websites through a social media site, such as Facebook, you are granting permission to Facebook to share your user information with us. This will include your name, email address, date of birth, location, plus any other information you have permitted Facebook to share with third parties. If you remove the app from your Facebook account, we will no longer have access to this information.
  Information about other people
  By supplying us with information about someone else, you confirm that they have authorised you to provide us with their information (including sensitive personal data) on their behalf.
  Before you use “email a friend” or “share this article” buttons please make sure that anyone you wish to email or share with are happy for this to occur and expect to receive the email or article. You may only share the details of another person with us where you have their express permission.
  2. How we may use your information
  Delivering services
  By using our websites, apps and other products and services, we may process your information for the purpose of providing you with such products and services and managing our relationship with you, which shall include (without limitation):
  - communicating with you in relation to your account or service, service updates or other non-marketing communications;
  - contacting you where a checkout journey is not completed if you have provided your information;
  - delivering customer services and support;
  - dealing with, and responding to you about a comment you have submitted for or on our message boards, blogs and other such user generated content facilities;
  - ensuring the integrity of votes, competitions and polls;
  - maintaining records of our communications with you if you get in contact with us;
  - obtaining customer reviews and conducting market research.
  - responding to press complaints submitted both direct to us and via the Press Complaints Commission (PCC) 
  Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate Interests
  - running competitions effectively and informing you if you have been successful in any competitions or promotions;
  Legal basis for this processing activity: Contract
  Communicating with you
  In accordance with your preferences and data protection legislation, we may use your information to send you direct marketing communications. This may include communications by post, telephone, email or SMS about our products and services, events and special offers.
  We may also send you periodic newsletters about your chosen services, inform you of promotional offers that you might find interesting, and inform you about the any changes to our products and services where we have permission to do so.
  Legal basis for processing this data: Consent/Legitimate Interests
  Personalisation/Identifying your interests
  We may use your information to provide you with a greater personalised experience when you visit/use one of our sites/apps, and for insight and marketing purposes.
  We provide personalisation by using data you submit to us, cookies, IP addresses, web beacons or similar technologies in relation to the devices you use. By doing so, we can provide you with editorial content and/or advertising that we believe is more relevant to your interests. Please see Section 10 on Cookies below for more information about our use of cookies and similar technologies and how you can adjust your settings.
  Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent
  We may also overlay demographic and lifestyle data from CACI and Acxiom to help us understand what you might be interested in for insight and marketing purposes (also known as “profiling”). CACI and Acxiom data are built using a variety of sources, including publically available data (such as the electoral register and UK Census records) or from surveys and polls where you have given permission for your data to be shared. For more information on these partners and how you can opt-out of having your data shared with us from these sources for profiling purposes, please see the section entitled “Marketing Personalisation” in Section 4 below.
  Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interests
  Tailored advertising
  We use advertising to fund some of our websites and apps. Some advertising is “contextual” meaning it is shown due to the particular webpage you are presently viewing. Other advertising, known as “online behavioural advertising” is shown to you based upon your likely interests, which are inferred from your device’s browsing history. This information is collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies. For more information on controlling your tailored advertising preferences, please see Section 10 on Cookies below.
  Sometimes we allow advertisers to show advertisements directly on our website and apps, which are tailored to you based upon information they have obtained, such as your browsing history on their own websites.
  Other times we will arrange for our customers to be shown advertisements on  other websites or apps. These advertisements are tailored to you with information we have obtained from your browsing on our websites and apps via cookies.
  Where we arrange for our customers to be shown advertisements, we use technological and contractual mechanisms to protect your cookie data and to ensure that your browsing data used for advertising is not used by advertisers or other website owners for other purposes, such as linking online behavioural advertising data with your contact details, unless you have provided the advertiser or other website with your express permission to do this.
  When you are shown an advertisement, our advertising systems do not know who you are or your contact details (such as your name, email address or postal address).
  Demographic information from your registration on our websites and apps (such as your age, gender and city) may also be used to tailor the advertising we arrange to be shown. Your demographic information is not shared with advertisers.
   We collect information about the devices you use when you visit our websites or use our apps, and we combine this information in order to better personalise the advertisements you see when you visit our properties on another device.
  We may also target advertising on social media sites to specifically include customers who have registered for our products and services.
  Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent
  Location based services and advertising
  Where we provide services that utilise your device’s location, such as local weather or news, your location will be determined either from a lookup of your IP address in a “GeoIP” database which lists information provided by your ISP (usually your closest town or borough) or your precise location directly from the device (such as through GPS or Wifi on mobile devices) where you have granted permission for us to access this location information via your device settings. We use such information to provide you with a more tailored, relevant experiences when using our websites/apps.
  Where you have granted permission to access your device’s location and consented to us to use your data for advertising purposes, this location information may be used to tailor the advertising you receive, including showing you certain advertisements when you are in the vicinity of a particular location.
  Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent
  Measurement and analytics
  We may use certain information (such as the websites that you visit and advertisements you see or click on) to help advertisers and other promotional partners measure the effectiveness and distributions of their advertisements and promotions.
  Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interests/Consent
  Improving our services and products
  We may use your information to monitor and improve our products, content and services. This may include (without limitation):
  - developing the design and style of the our products and services to make improvements
  - carrying out statistical, technical and logistical analysis to inform our strategic development
  - blocking disruptive use and ensuring the security of our products and services
  If you have registered on our websites or apps, we may analyse the information we hold on you in aggregate with our other customers to improve our advertising systems.
  Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interests
  Message boards, blogs and other public forums
  Our websites may provide message boards, blogs and other user generated content facilities. Anything that you share will become public information. You should always be careful when deciding to disclose your personal information. Please see our Terms and House Rules for more information.
  Legal basis for processing this data: Consent
  Regulatory compliance
  We may share your personal data with the Audit Bureau of Circulations Ltd so they can verify aggregated statistics about circulation and usage of our products or review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards. You can view their privacy policy by following this link .
  Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest
  3. Legal Bases for processing your data
  Contract: We process some of your data as a necessary part of performing our contractual obligations to you. For example, ensuring products you buy can be delivered to you.
  Consent: Some processing activities will only be done where we have sought your prior consent. If we require your consent, we will provide you with full details of the information that we would like and the reason we need it. Once given, you have the right to withdraw your consent again at any point and we will be obliged to stop processing your data and delete it unless we can demonstrate that another legal basis applies.
  Legitimate Interests: We process some of your data because it is in our Legitimate Interests to do so. Where this is the case, we have considered the impact using your information may have on you, and limited our use to only what is strictly necessary. Where we are using this as our basis, we can provide you with an explanation of why the processing is in our interests and you are free to contest this decision if you wish.
  4. How we may share your information
  Sharing with third-party partners
  Vendors: When you purchase goods or services from us, we partner with specialist companies to fulfil your order and provide certain customer services. This includes vendors on MailShop who you may have bought something from and specialist companies who assist us in obtaining ratings and reviews of product(s) and/or service(s). We usually remain the data controller of your information and the other companies only process data under our instructions and cannot use the information for their own purposes. If one of our third party partners acts as data controller of your personal data (whether or not as a data controller in common with us) we will let you know before you register for the service.
  Promotions: Sometimes we bring you promotions in association with other companies. If you enter such promotions, the other company will use the information you submit and we provide to them as a data controller in line with their own privacy policies. We’ll let you know the precise arrangement at the time you provide your personal information.
  Affiliates: We regularly partner with industry affiliates to bring you special deals on products and packages you may find of interest. These include travel providers on MailTravel and financial service providers on MailFinance or This Is Money . These providers collect marketing permissions for us and share data back with us about your purchases in order for us to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
  If you decide to book a holiday with an affiliate, use their advisory services or set up an account, or purchase a financial product, these affiliates will be data controllers of the information you have provided them in order to administer your relationship with them and will handle your information in accordance with their own privacy policies.
  Functionality: We may share information about you with suppliers that we engage to help us provide our services and/or functionality of our websites and apps. For example, we share data with Google to prevent certain website functions from being abused. Where this happens your data will be processed in accordance with Google’s Privacy Policy .
  Advertisers: We may provide third party advertisers with reports containing aggregate statistical data about our customers’ use of our websites and apps to determine the kinds of people viewing their ads and how they are performing. This aggregated information may include demographic data such as age range and/or geographic location of groups of our customers.
  This aggregated data does not include contact details (such as names, addresses or email addresses) that can be used to personally identify you or contact you.
  OBA Partners: In order to arrange for our customers to be shown tailored advertisements on other websites or apps, we share cookie information we have obtained from your browsing activities on our properties with the partners listed in our Privacy Settings tool who we have contracted with in order to control how they use your information. 
  Marketing personalisation: We may match your data with data held by CACI and Acxiom , to add extra lifestyle and demographic insight information to your account with us which we then use to make our marketing more relevant to you (subject to your communication preferences and our internal policies and procedures). We can only obtain this information where they have your permission to share this information with us in line with their privacy policies. You can opt-out of having your personal information profiled in this way by contacting us or adjusting your account settings. For more information on these partners and the data it provides, and to opt out of their programmes directly, please visit them at CACI and Acxiom .
  DMGT Group: Associated Newspapers Ltd. is part of the Daily Mail and General Trust plc Group (“DMGT”). Members of DMGT may, use and share, within that group, the information you provide and other information held about you for the purposes set out in this Policy. For more information about the DMGT group please see the DMGT website and the DMGT Privacy Policy .
  Change of Control: We may transfer, sell or assign any of the information described in this Policy to third parties as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change of control, transfer of assets or reorganisation of our business.
  5. Details of transfers to third countries and safeguards
  Any organisation who has access to your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by contractual restrictions and/or technical limitations to make sure they protect your information and comply with applicable data protection legislation.
  Where these organisations are based outside of the EEA in a jurisdiction that has not been deemed adequate by the EU, we enter into EU approved model clauses with them to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place.
  6. How our brands work together
  The Daily Mail , The Mail on Sunday , MailOnline , Metro , This Is Money , You Magazine , MyMail , MailPlus , MailShop , MailTravel and MailFinance  share infrastructure, systems and technology and all fall under the data control of Associated Newspapers Ltd. These brands work together to understand how our users interact with our products and services, and to share insights to improve our products and services.
  7. How can you exercise your rights under the GDPR
  · Access: If you wish to exercise your right to access a free copy of your data, you can contact us at the contact details provided below at Section 12.
  · Deletion: To ask us to delete your personal data, please contact us at the contact details provided below at Section 12. However, there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain it.
  · Rectification: If you wish to update or rectify your data, you can do this directly by accessing your account settings.
  · Revoke consent: If you wish to object to the processing of your data for direct marketing or online behavioural advertising purposes, you can opt-out by updating your settings or, for direct marketing, clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in any marketing email or newsletter you receive from us.
  · Objection to automated profiling: If you wish to opt-out of having your personal information profiled for personalisation purposes you can adjusting your account settings or contact us directly.
  · Objection to legitimate interests: If you wish to object to our processing of your data where we are pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party please contacting us as at the contact details provided below stating the nature of and reasons for such objection.
  · Complain: You also have the right to lodge a complaint about us with our supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office .
  If you are contacting us to exercise any of your rights under the GDPR, you will have to provide valid proof of identification. We are required to respond to your request within 1 month.
  8. Data retention and account deletion
  We store your data for no longer than necessary in relation to the purpose under which such data was collected. This is determined on a cases by case basis and depends on things such as the nature of the data provided, why it was collected, the legal basis we rely upon to process the data, and our relevant legal or operation retention requirements. For example, if you request to delete your account we still have to retain some data for fraud prevention purposes and financial auditing.
  9. Children & young people
  Our websites, apps and other products and services are not aimed at children. We do not target, intend to collect, or knowingly collect or otherwise process information from anyone under the age of 13.
  If you are under the age of 13, we request that you do not provide us with your information and do not use our websites and apps.
  If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 13, please contact us if you are aware that your child has used our websites or apps or otherwise provided their information to us without your consent. We will delete or otherwise cease processing your child’s personal information within a reasonable time.
  If you are aged 13, 14 or 15, we request that you seek your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us with your information or using our websites or apps.
  In accordance with industry best practice guidelines, we may retain your information for a reasonable amount of time to make sure that we do not contact you in the future.
  10. Cookies
  When you use our websites and apps we may collect information using cookies or similar technologies.
  What are cookies and how do they work?
  Cookies are small files that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Your browser sends these cookies back to the website every time you visit the site again, so it can recognise you. This allows websites to tailor what you see on the screen.
  Do you use other technologies which are similar to cookies?
  Yes, we use the following:
  Web beacons: Our websites, apps and emails often contain small invisible images known as 'web beacons' or 'tracking pixels'. These are used in a way similar to cookies to:
  - understand when a particular part of a webpage, email or app is viewed,
  - understand how successful an article or an email marketing campaign has been
  - verify any clicks through to links or advertisements contained in emails
  Flash cookies: In certain situations we use Adobe Flash Player to deliver video clips. Local Shared Objects (Flash cookies) are used to provide functions such as remembering your settings and preferences.
  Tracking URLs: These are web links that allows us to measure when a link is clicked on. They help us measure the effectiveness of campaigns and advertising and the popularity of articles that are read.
  Device identifiers: We use device identifiers on mobile devices in the same way as cookies are used on web browsers. A device identifier is a unique number on your device which allow us to remember your device.
  We use these similar technologies on websites, emails and apps, for the same purposes and in much the same way as we use cookies on websites. We will use “cookies” and “websites” below as shorthand for “cookies and similar technologies” on “websites, emails and in apps”.
  What do you use cookies for?
  Cookies and other online tracking technologies are an important part of the internet. They make using websites much smoother and affect lots of the useful features of websites.
  There are many different uses for cookies, but for within our sites, they fall into the following groups:
  (i) Cookies that are needed to provide the service you have asked for (Essential)
  Some cookies are essential so you can move around our websites and use their features. Without the use of these cookies parts of our websites would not function.
  (ii) Cookies that collect information about your choices and preferences (Functional / Preference)
  These cookies collect information about your choices and preferences, and allow us to remember things like:
  (iii) Cookies used to understand how people use our products and services (Analytics)
  We use analytics cookies to gather information about what pages, links and sections of our apps are popular and which ones don't get used so much to help us keep our sites relevant and up to date. They are also useful to be able to identify trends of how people navigate our sites so we can identify improvements to make to the customer journey
  We may combine information collected by analytics cookies with other information that you provide to us. For instance, if you have registered for an account with us, we may combine your contact details other information you provide us with the browsing history from your device collected by analytics cookies (including data collected from before you registered and when you are signed-out).
  We may also use this combined information to improve our products and services. For instance, we may analyse this information in aggregate to improve our advertising systems.
  (iv) Cookies used to show advertising that is relevant to you (Tracking and Advertising)
  Some advertising, known as “online behavioural advertising” is tailored to you and uses information collected by first party and third party cookies based your web browsing activity. Cookies are placed on your browser to remember the websites you have visited. Advertising based on what you have been looking at is then displayed to you when you visit websites who use the same advertising networks.
  To help us deliver relevant advertising using cookies, we use Google Double Click. Click here to find out more about Google Double Click.
  We also use these cookies in order to:
  know how many advertisements we serve, how many times these are clicked or hovered over with a mouse cursor, how many advertisements we show to a given user and how many customer actions these generate.
  understand which customers reach a sale or other action page on an advertiser’s site. This allows us to monitor how many sales or actions we achieve for an advertising client, and therefore, how effective our advertising is.
  protect our advertisers' brands, we often use a technology that scans the page to ascertain that it is safe from profane, sensitive & potentially brand-negative topics, before serving an ad there. This process is called “ad verification”.
  Ad-blockers: We and our advertisers may use information from within our webpages to determine whether you have an ad-blocker enabled. This information may be stored or associated with your device (including through the use of cookies) to re-insert advertisements on our websites and to understand how our customers use ad-blockers. The advertisements that are re-inserted may include those from ad-blockers’ “white lists” or that promote our own products and services. We reserve the right to restrict your access to some or all of our website while you have an ad blocker turned on.
  Do Not Track: Our websites do not respond to "Do Not Track" (DNT) browser settings.
  Managing Cookies 
  You can change your cookie settings on this website at any time via your Privacy Settings.  
   Please note that this consent tool is not supported on certain versions of Internet Explorer. Please change your browser in order to exercise your rights under the GDPR.
  Cookies can also be controlled using the following instructions:
  Mobile Devices: When using a mobile device, you can opt-out of receiving online behavioural advertising by selecting ‘Limit Ad Tracking’ in the Settings of your Apple iPhone or iPad, or the “Opt out of interest-based ads” in the Settings on your Android device. You may also be able to reset your unique identifier used for online behavioural advertising (referred to as an “Advertising ID”) in the Settings on your Apple or Android device.
  OBA Cookies: If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off by going to Your Online Choices .
  Web-Beacons: You can usually prevent the operation of web-beacons by changing your web-browser cookie settings and your ad choices, or for those in emails, by switching off images in your email client or viewing emails using only the “text” display (rather than “HTML” display”). See the “Help” section of your email client for instructions. Please see the All About Cookies website for further information about managing your options.
  Flash Cookies: You can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe’s website .
  You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising platforms where you can control your third-party online advertising preferences by going to the Network Advertising Initiative .
  Browsers: The links below take you to the help sections for each of the major browsers that will tell you how you can manage your cookies:
  Please note that our website, apps and other products and services may not work correctly (or at all) if you change certain preferences. For example, you may not be able to purchase products via our websites. However, you may still be able to place an order via our telephone order line.
  Where you use our apps, similar technologies to cookies are used for analytics. It is not presently possible to opt-out of these similar technologies. If you are not happy to be included in our analysis, please do not use our apps.
  Please also note that after applying these settings, you will continue to receive advertising, however, it may not be tailored to your likely interests using information collected from cookies and similar technologies on your device.
  11. Updates to this Policy
  We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy. Where changes are made, we will post the revised Policy here with an updated effective date. Please check regularly for any changes to this Policy.
  12. How to contact us:
  If you have any queries or comments about this Policy or to exercise any of your rights under the GDPR, please contact us by email at: 
  Alternatively, you can write to us at:
  Legal Department – Data Protection & Privacy
  Associated Newspapers Limited
  Alternatively, you can write to them at:
  Shoosmiths LLP
  Platform, New Station Street,
   
  Privacy Policy and Cookies
  Bing
  Site
  Web
  DON'T MISS
  Love Island final: Dani and Jack are crowned WINNERS as they admit they're joining the 'Do Bits Society' TONIGHT after pen salesman SPLITS £50K prize
  PICTURED: Katie Price's decrepit £2million mansion complete with abandoned pool and overgrown garden amid star's financial woes
  Liam Payne 'calls Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini a f*****g c***' on raucous night out in Monaco... three weeks after Cheryl split
  Skepta, 35, reveals he is expecting his first child by sharing ultrasound snap... four months after confirming his romance with Naomi Campbell, 47
  Michael Bublé and wife Luisana Lopilato reveal special name they've given newborn daughter Welcomed their third child earlier this week
  Love Island: Viewers call for Paul to be 'the next James Bond' as they swoon over his suited-and-booted appearance and sweet speech to Laura 
  Love Island: Danny Dyer congratulates daughter Dani on show win with beau Jack... as he jokes he's on his way to see her from theme park ride in Orlando
  Love Island: Viewers cringe at Caroline telling Laura and Paul 'not to rush' their romance following failed whirlwind engagement to Andrew Brady
  Love Island: Fans distracted by Megan's VERY busty display... and joke she purposely chose extremely daring dress to gain more votes during the final
  Chris Pratt and Katherine Schwarzenegger confirm romance with a kiss after going to church with his son Jack
  Brooklyn Beckham heads for lunch in LA with 'new girlfriend' Abi Manzoni... an aspiring singer and cannabis dealer
  Advertisement
  Kim Kardashian pairs skintight velvet pants with barely there crop top... one day after revealing she 'weighs 119 pounds'
  X Factor 2018: Judges Simon Cowell, Robbie Williams and Ayda Field jump on Love Island's success in new show teaser... but where's Louis Tomlinson?
  Love Island's Ellie Brown in 'heated exchange' with beau Charlie Brake... just hours after claiming couple are 'closer' having moved in
  Love Island final: Lily James joins Mamma Mia 2 co-stars for quirky viewing bash as celeb fans Jamie Carragher and Rochelle Humes throw lavish parties
  Love Island: Fans joke that Caroline Flack's dress looks like a Twister lolly ... as she crowns Dani and Jack winners
  Love Island: Emotional fans confess they feel like they're at Dani and Jack's WEDDING as couple share teary speeches
  Love Island fans question how Laura Anderson and Paul Knops came second when they're the only couple NOT in an 'official' relationship
  Michelle Keegan showcases her tanned physique in a patterned bikini as she snaps selfies with shirtless Mark Wright on a luxury boat trip in Mallorca
  Love Island: Paris Hilton sends fans into meltdown as she congratulates Dani and Jack THREE MINUTES BEFORE results were announced live on air
  Love Island final 2018: Baffled viewers brand the show 'fake' as emotional speeches are TYPED out instead of handwritten
  Advertisement
  Love Island: The girls go shopping for glam gowns as the boys get suited and booted for emotional live finale  Dressing up to the nines
  Amber Davies claims Jack and Dani's romance may become 'exhausting' as herself and Kem Cetinay wanted to split ONE WEEK after their win
  Ant McPartlin's estranged wife Lisa Armstrong flashes a huge smile and shows off her Californian tan as she returns to the UK after extended LA break
  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Rupert Murdoch, 87, holds hands with wife Jerry Hall, 62, as they enjoy a day at the beach with his daughter Grace, 17, in Malibu
  Christine Lampard is 'relaxed' about her baby's arrival after years as a step mum to Frank Lampard's daughters
  Tilda Swinton steps out on set in a Karate uniform whilst carrying a Japanese Katana sword as she immerses herself in new film role for The Dead Don't Die
  David Beckham pulls a sad face as he admits he's 'not happy' over trimming daughter Harper's hair... before branding her fresh cut 'beautiful'
  Celebrity Big Brother 2018: Stormy Daniels and ex-TOWIE star Dan Osborne lead stars 'confirmed' for reality show's FINAL series
  Love Island: The couples glam up ahead of the highly anticipated series finale... As Jack and Dani look set to take home the win
  Love Island's Zara says she spoke to a psychologist after hearing her beau Adam 'bombarded 17-year-old schoolgirl with vulgar messages'
  Advertisement
  Have Megan McKenna and Mike Thalassitis SPLIT? Hunk is spotted packing up his clothes outside her house while she deletes ALL trace of him on Instagram
  Robert Pattinson and  Suki Waterhouse spark romance rumors after sharing kiss in London The Remember Me star split from his ex-fiancée FKA Twigs last year
  Demi Lovato still in hospital for 'extreme nausea and high fever' following opiate overdose 'Expected to make a full recovery' 
  Sophie Turner and fiance Joe Jonas both wear black leggings for bike ride together in New York City Took a spin together on Monday
  Mila Kunis says she wasn't ready for a relationship when she started hooking up with Ashton Kutcher Looking back
  Love Island's Dr Alex jokes Alexandra's mum's grilling was a true 'oh hell' moment... as he reveals ITV bosses scouted him to star in the show
  Kerry Katona flaunts slimmed down figure in plunging halter-neck and statement flares... as she steps out days after confirming new romance
  Eva Longoria, 43, pulls down the straps on her red swimsuit to get a deep tan... one month after welcoming son Red hot
  Kim Kardashian reveals she misses her 'long hair'... just days after unveiling fresh new bob Looking back
  Bradley Cooper, Leonardo DiCaprio, Lady Gaga, James Corden, Matthew McConaughey: Hilarious video of tipsy Google Camp guests
  Demi Rose shows off her sensational curves in a dusty pink thong bikini as she holidays in Greece Life's just peachy
  EXCLUSIVE: Lindsay Lohan twisted ankle kite-surfing in Mykonos before starting work on her new MTV reality show Nasty injury
  Ben Stiller and Christine Taylor reunite in New York a year on from shock demise of 17-year marriage The private pair were spotted out and about 
  Megan Fox leaves little to the imagination as she models sheer mesh top in behind-the-scenes snap Sizzling
  Andrew Lincoln says he left Walking Dead to spend more time at 'home' in England with his two kids Show is filmed in Georgia
  Advertisement
  Beyonce is given total control of Vogue's September issue cover by Anna Wintour  It's Vogue's biggest and most influential edition
  Strictly Come Dancing: Axed star Brendan Cole wishes show dancers 'all the best' while holidaying in Mallorca as rehearsals kick off for new series
  Sir Tom Jones, 78, makes triumphant return to the stage... after bacterial infection and thunder storms forced him to miss SIX shows
  Love Island final: From love triangles to Brexit talks to shock dumpings and fake loyalty: A look back at some of the biggest bombshell moments
  Love Island: Dani pours her heart out to beau Jack while Megan is brought to tears as she confesses to 'falling more and more in love' with Wes during finale
  Love Island's Hayley Hughes smoulders in hot pink blazer and shorts combo in rainy Liverpool  A far cry from sunny Mallorca
  Love Island's Georgia Steel oozes elegance in sleek blazer as she joins Samira Mighty and Frankie Foster in Manchester ahead of series finale
  Love Island final: Laura Whitmore pays tribute to 'lovely, smart and funny' boyfriend Iain Stirling following his success as show's witty voiceover
  Caroline Flack admits she's 'nervous' ahead of Love Island's series finale as she attempts to cool down with a mini boogie session Feeling the pressure
  Madonna, 59, looks youthful in black thigh highs at her new Lisbon mansion as she poses for Vogue Italy Madonna, 59, showcased her age-defying beauty
  Advertisement
  Katie Holmes is summer chic in denim skirt and sandals as she enjoys a stroll through New York City  She's been enjoying a low key romance
  Kesha chronicles the making of her latest album in emotional new trailer for documentary Rainbow - The Film Recovering from a difficult few years
  Jonathan Rhys Meyers praised for his happy and healthy appearance on This Morning... but avoids having to discuss THAT boozy mid-flight row 
  England footballer Harry Maguire relaxes on the beach with bikini-clad fiancée Fern Hawkins during sun-soaked Barbados holiday
  Stephen Bear EXCLUSIVE: Reality star is caught out after claiming he's staying in a '€50,000-a-night' Ibiza hotel when rooms are actually €224
  Pete Davidson hides his Ariana Grande tattoo under layers of makeup while filming new movie in LA The SNL comedian's ink was MIA 
  Christine McGuinness flashes her perky cleavage in a low-cut bralet and floral bell bottoms as she heads to photoshoot in Manchester
  Heidi Montag launches 'goddess-luxury' gemstone jewelry line named after son Gunner Stone
  Hailey Baldwin appears to be already married as she adds diamond wedding band to new engagement ring... but Justin Bieber goes ring free
  Tom Daley admits he's been preparing for fatherhood since he was a teenager and that he feared coming out meant he couldn't have a family
  Advertisement
  Lucy Mecklenburgh displays her washboard abs in a leopard print bikini during Greek getaway with Ryan Thomas and his daughter Scarlett
  Eddie Redmayne and Felicity Jones reunite as they step out for the first time on set for Victorian adventure film The Aeronauts
  Kerry Katona PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Star is seen with hunky new boyfriend Ryan Mahoney for first time after meeting  fitness trainer on Bumble
  Chrissy Teigen jokes about having a 'jealousy-fueled meltdown' while hubby John Legend filmed Green Light music video a decade ago
  Kendall Jenner reveals she has a 'special connection' to sister Kylie's daughter Stormi  New addition arrived in February
  Demi Lovato's backup dancer tells fans there is 'no need for any negativity' as the star spends fifth day in hospital following apparent overdose
  EastEnders' Maisie Smith joins co-stars Tilly Keeper and Jamie Borthwick as they pick up a Nando's during filming Taking a break
  Jimmy Fallon flies home to New York via helicopter after a weekend in the Hamptons with his daughter Heart-warming
  Demi Moore, 55, makes jaws drop with Harvey Weinstein sex joke during ex-husband Bruce Willis Comedy Central roast Controversial
  MTV cash in on Prince Harry and Meghan as they announce new series The Royal World following the real-life drama of 'the pedigreed and privileged'
  Advertisement
  'Mommy needed a promo post!': Kim Kardashian thanks daughter North, five, for 'coming through' with new photo of her
  Kendall Jenner covers up in cozy sweater while getting frozen yogurt during date with beau Ben Simmons Date night
  Amber Heard flashes a little too much in loose-fitting dress as she clears out her garage in Los Angeles Peek-a-boob
  Ariana Grande strikes a sultry pose as she sits on fiancé Pete Davidson's lap in first snaps since her social media 'breather' Making a comeback
  Kate Hudson has pregnancy glow in a neon yellow bikini for spa retreat with Danny Fujikawa in Ojai Bumping along nicely
  Jonah Hill wears quirky pineapple print shirt and kisses mystery woman while on a stroll in New York Feeling fruity
  Charlotte Crosby slips her curves into a clingy white dress as she takes her flashy new £250K Bentley for a spin on day out Va-va-vroom
  The Body Coach's Joe Wicks and his girlfriend Rosie Jones look every inch the doting parents as they bring their newborn daughter home
  Jennifer Aniston slips into ripped denim hotpants as she continues to shoot new Netflix comedy Murder Mystery in Italy  On set
  Jennifer Lawrence flashes her tummy in cropped T-shirt as she holds hands with boyfriend Cooke Maroney in New York City 
  Advertisement
  Laurence Fox cuts a casual figure in double denim as he makes tense-looking phone call in London 
  Jessica Simpson doesn't appear to have aged much as she shares photo from 20 years ago with her 'Texas besties'
  Caroline Flack says she 'can't moan about the fascination with her love life'... following her very public split with her ex-fiance Andrew Brady 
  Sara Sampaio flaunts her incredible figure and pert posterior in sexy lingerie for new Victoria's Secret campaign Striking
  Jacqueline Jossa reveals she's already back in size 10 clothes just FIVE WEEKS after giving birth to baby Mia... following split from Dan Osborne
  Miley Cyrus looks downcast as she steps out with mother Tish in Los Angeles... as fiancé Liam Hemsworth prepares to leave her behind for new film role
  Love Island's Ellie Brown says moving in with millionaire Charlie Brake has made them 'closer'... but admits dealing with trolls is the 'down side' to fame 
  Katharine McPhee is still in mourning from the death of her father as she's spotted in NYC... after flashing $100K ring from David Foster
  Chloe Grace Moretz models ruffled blouse and long skirt to promote her 'so very important' movie on Today show Picture of elegance
  Kourtney Kardashian, 39, looks incredible as she slips into a skimpy black bikini in clip shared by beau Younes Bendjima, 25 Wow
  Advertisement
  Mark Hamill shares touching kissing photo with former co-star Carrie Fisher as he breaks his silence on the use of her old footage for Star Wars IX
  Chrissy Teigen blasts Meghan's 'embarrassing' father Thomas Markle - and is promptly branded a 'pudgy airhead' by the Duchess's half-sister
  How the WAGs do down-time! England players' other halves share snaps from their much-needed luxury getaways as squad forgets World Cup woes
  Khloe Kardashian, who is a size 4, says she 'can't believe' companies do not cater to women size 16 and up as she launches athleisure line
  Victoria and husband David Beckham are joined by sons Romeo, 15, and Cruz, 13, as they grab ice cream during family day out in Los Angeles 
  Gan-Gan knows best! How Kate and William limit their children's time in the limelight on the advice of the Queen - who 'doesn't like too much, too soon'
  Kate Wright exhibits her phenomenal figure in a white bikini as she continues Portuguese getaway with her besotted beau Rio Ferdinand
  You're not on honeymoon yet! Princess Eugenie puts on a loved-up display with her fiancé Jack Brooksbank as she feeds him pasta
  Margaret the 'modern Princess': Queen's late sister's VERY candid former lady-in-waiting to be interviewed by the BBC for a 'deeply personal' documentary 
  Gwen Stefani keeps comfy in ripped jeans as she and Blake Shelton touch down in private jet after family trip Family getaway
  Advertisement
  Billie Faiers looks every inch the retro pin-up as she parades her incredible curves in a sexy polka-dot bikini during her Spanish getaway
  Chloe Green flashes her HUGE diamond ring as she celebrates one-year anniversary with 'Hot Felon' beau Jeremy Meeks in Turkey New parents 
  Luke Evans goes shirtless in tight trunks as actor sunbathes on deck of boat during relaxing holiday in Portofino  Topping up his tan
  Love Island's Olivia Attwood shares racy throwback snap from date with ex-beau Chris Hughes... as she reflects on her whirlwind year ahead
  Emma Stone holds Jonah Hill's gaze in mind-bending first trailer for Netflix series Maniac... as they reunite on screen 11 years after Superbad
  Bethenny Frankel 'disliked' by most of her RHONY castmates who think she's 'negative and toxic'... after her feud with Carole Radziwill 
  Jason Derulo goes shirtless as he shows off his impressive wakeboarding skills during sunshine break in Sardinia Loving life
  Kim Kardashian shows off new bob hairstyle after revealing she now weighs '119 pounds' as she attends poker tournament with Kendall, Khloé and Kris
  Nina Agdal flaunts her sizzling physique in a flirty swimsuit as she cosies up to boyfriend Jack Brinkley-Cook during romantic holiday in Capri
  'He does what he wants': Prince Phillip could skip his granddaughter Princess Eugenie's wedding because 'he is so estranged from Fergie'
  Advertisement
  Boris Becker's estranged wife Lilly loads framed prints of son Amadeus into a removal van as she finally bids farewell to their £5million home
  Nikki Bella sobs as she reveals she and ex fiance John Cena are ending relationship for good... weeks after reconciling Moving on
  Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively SCREAM during Taylor Swift concert when daughter James introduces a song Proud parents 
  Makeup-free Katy Perry rugs up in a puffer jacket as she goes for a bike ride in South Australia while continuing her Witness tour Down Under
  Ruby Mae shows off her stunning physique in a bikini as she helps footballer boyfriend Dele Alli recover from his World Cup heartbreak in Ibiza
  Scarlett Moffatt 'in tears' over comments about looks... as Caroline Flack's accused of breaking girl code by not telling her about fashion blunder
  The Vampire Diaries star Nina Dobrev commands attention in distinctive polka-dot swimsuit as she hits the beach during sunshine break in Mykonos
  Former EastEnders star Samantha Womack undergoes MAJOR transformation as she dyes her hair brown for dramatic new role New look
  Love Island: Jack and Dani 'offered big-money spin-off show'... as it's revealed bookies are ALREADY paying out to customers who voted on them to win .  
  'I'm a very lucky boy': How Geraint Thomas' glamorous wife who he first met after 'having a few' helped pave his way to victory in the Tour de France
  Advertisement
  Rita Ora looks glum as she grabs a coffee in sporty vest and cycling shorts before heading to £30k-a-year gym in London's Notting Hill Thirsty work
  Lauren Goodger and Joey Morrisson split: Star vows to ditch 'bulls**t' as pals say her heart is 'too big' for jailbird ex who 'sent explicit photos to girls'
  England rugby star Ben Foden 'romped with PR girl, 26, after drunken party before wife Una found out and ended their marriage' 'A very drunken party'
  Ruffling feathers! Queen Máxima of the Netherlands dons an unusual down-trimmed floral dress to attend a gala evening in Leeuwarden
  Jet setter! Celine Dion shows off her slender frame in a hooded dress and thigh-high boots as she arrives in Brisbane on her private plane Peace out
  Chris Hemsworth looks typically handsome as he's joined by wife Elsa Pataky on sunny Spanish getaway Quality time
  Coronation Street SPOILER: Liz and Jim McDonald reunite at daughter's grave following his release from prison... as it's claimed 'she's ALIVE'
  Blade Runner 2049 star Ana de Armas shows off her lithe physique in a vivid green swimsuit as she films new project in Rio de Janeiro
  That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain wears £70 wedges as her daughters Leonor and Sofia don high street dresses in Majorca
  Little Mix concert ends in a terrifying 'stampede' as fans trapped behind barriers desperately scramble under metal fences to leave the venue
  Advertisement
  Fergie faces backlash for gushing about her 'excellent' stay at five-star Athens Marriott in the same week as wildfires claimed 91 lives
  Liam Payne proves himself irresistible to the ladies as he enjoys the single life in Cannes following split from Cheryl... before sharing a cheeky shirtless selfie
  Lindsay Lohan dons a scarlet jumpsuit as she poses in sultry photoshoot in Mykonos... after Paris Hilton defended calling her a 'pathological liar'
  PICTURED: The moment Katie Price is caught behind the wheel during six-month driving ban... before turning HERSELF in to police
  Love Island: Dani reveals why her dad Danny Dyer didn't enter the villa as fans go wild for his 'LEGENDARY' call
  MIC's Harry Baron reveals girlfriend Melissa Tattam has her eye on £150k engagement ring (despite only being together eight months)
  Love Island: Jack shocks fans as he reveals new Laura STILL isn't his girlfriend... even though they are 'exclusively dating'
  Coronation Street actress Kym Marsh, 42, unveils her incredible abs in a skimpy printed bikini after overhauling her diet and fitness regime
  Kendall Jenner showcases her enviable style in striking polka dot co-ords as she puts in an appearance at charity poker tournament
  Lady Amelia Windsor slips into a denim bikini as she takes a dip in the sea while enjoying a sun-soaked holiday in Ibiza Looking good
  Advertisement
  Dua Lipa exhibits her toned abs in a Pretty Woman crop top and satin shorts as she snaps selfies with sister Rina in New York Stylish
  Caroline Flack jokes that she's 'just gonna stay in the spare bed' of the Love Island villa... following her failed engagement to Andrew Brady
  Life's a beach! Pink shares a touching seaside snap with husband Carey Hart and their cherubic children as she continues her Australian tour 
  EOTB's Kayleigh Morris shows off the results of her nose job as she puts on a busty display in plunging minidress for night out with pal Jasmin Walia
  Gordon Ramsay, 51, enjoys a sun-soaked beach stroll with his wife Tana, 43, and daughter Holly, 18 in Malibu Family outing
  Love Island: Viewers are sent into a spin after realising Wes' mum looks like the 'love child' of Kate Garraway and Gail Platt from Coronation Street
  Made In Chelsea favourite Georgia Toffolo looks weary as she touches down in Gatwick after girly Ibiza break with Emily Blackwell
  Beyonce and Jay-Z hang out backstage with DJ Khaled and his sweet son Asahd... amid ongoing pregnancy rumors VIPs
  Paris Hilton insists she's 'stating a fact' after calling Lindsay Lohan a 'pathological liar'... as she reignites feud with her former BFF
  Love Island star Georgia Steel reveals she and boyfriend Sam Bird 'had sex as soon as they came out of the villa' She's loyal
  The X Factor: Simon Cowell says he speaks to his late parents 'every day' as panel are reduced to tears during most emotional audition EVER
  Love Island 2018 finalists REVEALED as Dr Alex and Alexandra are dumped from the villa   So close and yet so far
  'Too fat' Eamonn Holmes is called 'a heart attack waiting to happen' by a weight-loss expert on GMB - and the TV presenter AGREES with him
  Poldark fans wail 'I can barely see the TV I'm crying so much' as Ross kisses Elizabeth for the final time after she dies in drama-filled series four finale
  Keith Urban offers advice to Demi Lovato following suspected drug overdose... after revealing he was 'enslaved' by alcohol addiction
  Mel B 'will use her America's Got Talent fee to pay off crippling divorce debts... after being offered £1million lifeline by Simon Cowell'
  Love Island's Olivia Buckland says she 'can't wait' to wed fiancé Alex Bowen... as they reveal they will try for a baby one year into marriage
  Gordon Ramsay is criticised for being culturally insensitive over new show that will see him travel to exotic locations and try and 'beat' local chefs 
  Khloe Kardashian SLAMS 'mommy shamers' after being criticised for attending charity poker event without three-month-old daughter True
  Kourtney Kardashian posts video of her listening to Kanye's song Wouldn't Leave about his fears her sister Kim would divorce him
  James Martin says he 'isn't interested in the slightest' in marrying girlfriend Louise Davies as he'd rather spend money on his car collection
  Yolanda Hadid shares pictures of Bella Hadid and The Weeknd spending time together at her Pennsylvania estate Romantic retreat
  Love Island: Laura's dad leaves viewers in stitches by mocking Georgia and grilling Paul on why their romance is not official Scot a sense of humour
  Kim Kardashian flaunts newly gym-honed figure as she goes braless in a skintight bodysuit for date with Kanye Engaging sight
  Blac Chyna, 30, slips into tiny mini dress as she puts on a united front with YBN Almighty Jay, 18, a fortnight after they rekindled their romance
  Cara Santana flashes her abs in a crop top, skintight yoga shorts and bold plaid jacket as she strolls through New York City  Eye-catching
  Elliott Wright and wife Sadie announce they're expecting their first child together as pregnant star displays her blossoming bump in stunning shoot
  Love Island: Dumped Alexandra admits she's got her eye on Alex Miller and is excited for show's wrap party  Bring on the boys
  Leonardo DiCaprio, 43, enjoys evening boat ride in Saint Tropez with girlfriend Camila Morrone, 21, and her mother Lucila Sola Fun-filled trip
  Khloe Kardashian shows off her post-baby body in skintight black ensemble at poker tournament in Los Angeles Looking good
  Alan Carr divulges more about his post-wedding party hosted by Adele... as he reveals he met his idol Celine Dion clad head-to-toe in her tour merchandise
  Slimline Kim Kardashian reveals she weighs '119 pounds' at poker tournament with sisters Kendall and Khloe New look
  Selena Gomez cuts a casual figure in high-waisted blue jeans and AC/DC T-shirt in Santa Monica... as she steps out following Demi Lovato overdose
  Love Island: Fans swoon over Alex's 'fit' mate Chris and call for him to REPLACE the doctor in the villa Mystery man
  Sir Phillip Green gives 'Hot Felon' Jeremy Meeks an awkward high-five as he joins the family for relaxing boat trip in Mykonos
  Love Island: Laura Anderson makes a HUGE wedding gaffe while meeting Paul Knopps' family for the first time Awkward
  Paris Hilton stuns in revealing red jumpsuit with plunging neckline as she promotes skincare line in Las Vegas Red hot
  EXCLUSIVE - Billionaires, beauties and ballers: Karlie Kloss reunites with fiancee Joshua Kushner as Google Camp kicks off
  Michelle Keegan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Our Girl star sizzles in a skimpy monochrome bikini as she cosies up to husband Mark Wright for sun-soaked getaway
-    
- ADVERTORIAL FEATURES
+ Wilmer Valderrama steps out for lunch in LA amid regular trips to support ex Demi Lovato in hospital Stepping out
+ Head Start to Home Cooked
  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
  Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
